In February 2012, the parties filed and argued a number of cross-motions for summary judgment related to the issues of the
enforceability of the settlement agreement and the exhaustion of policies underlying those of the Chartis insurers. The court
granted defendants' motions for summary judgment that the 2011 Settlement Agreement and 2010 Term Sheet were not binding
contracts, but denied their similar motions related to plaintiﬁs' claims for promissory and/or equitable estoppel. On or about
May 15, 2012, the parties entered into a mutually agreeable settlement/stipulation resolving two major issues: exhaustion of
underlying coverage and control of defense. On or about January 10, 2013, the parties reached a settlement of the estoppel
claims and all of the remaining coverage issues, with the exception of one disputed issue relating to the scope of the Chartis
insurers' defense obligations in two policy years. The trial court granted summary judgment in favor of the Company and Aqua-
Chem on that one open issue and entered a final appealable judgment to that effect following the parties' settlement. On January
23, 2013, the Chartis insurers filed a notice of appeal of the trial court's summary judgment ruling. On October 29, 2013, the
Wisconsin Court of Appeals affirmed the grant of summary judgment in favor of the Company and Aqua-Chem. On November
27, 2013, the Chartis insurers filed a petition for review in the Supreme Court of Wisconsin, and on December 11, 2013, the
Company filed its opposition to that petition. On April 16, 2014, the Supreme Court of Wisconsin denied the Chartis insurers'
petition for review.
The Georgia Case remains subject to the stay agreed to in 2004.
US. Federal Income Tax Dispute
On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency ("Notice") from the IRS for the tax years 2007
through 2009, after a five-year audit. In the Notice, the IRS claims that the Company's United States taxable income should be
increased by an amount that creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for the
period, plus interest. No penalties were asserted in the Notice. The disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter
involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the Company should report in the United States in connection with its
licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing
and promotion of products in overseas markets.
The Company has followed the same transfer pricing methodology for these licenses since the methodology was agreed with
the IRS in a 1996 closing agreement that applied back to 1987. The closing agreement provides prospective penalty protection
as long as the Company follows the prescribed methodology and material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law
have not changed. On February 11, 2016, the IRS notified the Company, without further explanation, that the IRS has
determined that material facts and circumstances and relevant Federal tax law have changed and that it may assert penalties.
The Company does not agree with this determination. The Company's compliance with the closing agreement was audited and
confirmed by the IRS in five successive audit cycles covering the subsequent 11 years through 2006, with the last audit
concluding as recently as 2009.
The Notice represents a repudiation of the methodology previously adopted in the 1996 closing agreement. The IRS designated
the matter for litigation on October 15, 2015. To the extent the matter remains designated, the Company will be prevented from
pursuing any administrative settlement at IRS Appeals or under the IRS Advance Pricing and Mutual Agreement Program.
The Company firmly believes that the IRS' claims are without merit and plans to pursue all available administrative and judicial
remedies necessary to resolve this matter. To that end, the Company filed a petition in the US. Tax Court on December 14,
2015, and the IRS ﬁled its answer on February 12, 2016. A trial date has been set for March 5, 2018. The Company intends to
vigorously defend its position and is confident in its ability to prevail on the merits.
ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable.
23