Our finished product operations consist primarily of our Company-owned or -controlled bottling, sales and distribution
operations, including Coca-Cola Refreshments' ("CCR") bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States
and Canada, and are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. Our ﬁnished product operations generate net
operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages, such as juices and juice drinks, energy and
sports drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, and certain water products, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling
partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition, in the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to
fountain retailers, such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate
consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers.
These fountain syrup sales are included in our North America operating segment. We authorize these wholesalers to resell our
fountain syrups through nonexclusive appointments that neither restrict us in setting the prices at which we sell fountain syrups
to the wholesalers nor restrict the territories in which the wholesalers may resell in the United States.
For information about net operating revenues and unit case volume related to our concentrate operations and finished product
operations, refer to the heading "Our Business — General" set forth in Part II, "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.
We own numerous valuable nonalcoholic beverage brands, including the following:
Coca-Cola Georgial Dasani Ice Dew9
Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light Powerade Simply5 I LOHAS10
Coca-Cola Zero Del Valle2 Glacéau Vitaminwater Ayataka11
Fanta Schweppes3 Gold Peak6
Sprite Aquarius FUZE TEA7
iMinute Maid Minute Maid Pulpy4 Glacéau Smartwater8 7
1 Georgia is primarily a coffee brand sold mainly in Japan.
2 Del Valle is a juice and juice drink brand sold in Latin America. In Mexico and Brazil, we manufacture, market and sell Del Valle beverage
products through joint ventures with our bottling partners.
3 Schweppes is owned by the Company in certain countries other than the United States.
4 Minute Maid Pulpy is a juice drink brand sold primarily in Asia Pacific.
5 Simply is a juice and juice drink brand sold in North America.
6 Gold Peak is primarily a tea brand sold in North America.
7 FUZE TEA is a brand sold outside of North America.
8 Glacéau Smartwater is a vapor-distilled water with added electrolytes which is sold mainly in North America and Great Britain.
9 Ice Dew is a water brand sold in China.
10 I LOHAS is a water brand sold in Japan.
11 Ayataka is a green tea brand sold in Japan.
In addition to the beverage brands we own, we also provide marketing support and otherwise participate in the sales of other
nonalcoholic beverage brands through licenses, joint ventures and strategic partnerships, including, but not limited to, the
following:
° We and certain of our bottlers distribute certain brands of Monster Beverage Corporation ("Monster"), primarily
Monster Energy, in designated territories in the United States, Canada and other international territories pursuant to
distribution coordination agreements between the Company and Monster and related distribution agreements between
Monster and Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations, including CCR, and independent bottling and
distribution partners.
° We produce and/or distribute certain other third-party brands, including brands owned by Dr Pepper Snapple Group,
Inc. ("DPSG"), which we produce and distribute in designated territories in the United States and Canada pursuant to
license agreements with DPSG.
° We have a strategic partnership with Aujan Industries Company J .S.C. ("Auj an"), one of the largest independent
beverage companies in the Middle East. We own 50 percent of the entity that holds the rights in certain territories to
brands produced and distributed by Aujan, including Rani, a juice brand, and Barbican, a ﬂavored malt beverage
brand.
° We have a joint venture with Nestle S.A. ("Nestle") named Beverage Partners Worldwide ("BPW") which markets and
distributes Nestea products in Europe and Canada under agreements with our bottlers. The Nestea trademark is owned
by Société des Produits Nestlé SA.
3