REPORT OF MANAGEMENT
Management's Responsibility for the Financial Statements
Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. The ﬁnancial statements were prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles appropriate in the circumstances and, accordingly, include certain amounts based on our best judgments and
estimates. Financial information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is consistent with that in the financial statements.
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls and procedures to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements. Our internal control system is supported by a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management,
written policies and guidelines, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a written Code of Business Conduct
adopted by our Company's Board of Directors, applicable to all oﬁicers and employees of our Company and subsidiaries. In
addition, our Company's Board of Directors adopted a written Code of Business Conduct for Non-Employee Directors which
reﬂects the same principles and values as our Code of Business Conduct for officers and employees but focuses on matters of
relevance to non-employee Directors.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and, even
when determined to be effective, can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
as such term is defined in Rule 13a—15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act").
Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016. In
making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (2013 Framework) ("COSO") in Internal Control — Integrated Framework. Based on this assessment,
management believes that the Company maintained eﬁective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016.
The Company's independent auditors, Ernst & Young LLP, a registered public accounting firm, are appointed by the Audit
Committee of the Company's Board of Directors, subject to ratification by our Company's shareowners. Ernst & Young LLP
has audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries and the
Company's internal control over financial reporting. The reports of the independent auditors are contained in this annual report.
140