We generally refer to acquisitions and divestitures of bottling, distribution or canning operations and consolidation or
deconsolidation of bottling and distribution entities for accounting purposes as structural changes, which are a component of
acquisitions and divestitures ("structural changes"). Typically, structural changes do not impact the Company's unit case volume
on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. We recognize unit case volume for all sales of Company
beverage products regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner, if any. However, the unit case volume reported
by our Bottling Investments operating segment is generally impacted by structural changes because it only includes the unit
case volume of our consolidated bottling operations. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for
additional information on the Company's acquisitions and divestitures.
"Acquired brands" refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. Typically, the Company has not reported unit case
volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of a transaction.
Therefore, the unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume.
We do not generally consider acquired brands to be structural changes.
"Licensed brands" refers to brands not owned by the Company, but for which we hold certain rights, generally including, but
not limited to, distribution rights, and from which we derive an economic beneﬁt when these brands are ultimately sold.
Typically, the Company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to these brands in
periods prior to the beginning of the term of a license agreement. Therefore, in the year that the licenses are entered into, the
unit case volume and concentrate sales volume from the sale of these brands is incremental to prior year volume. We do not
generally consider newly licensed brands to be structural changes.
During 2016, the Company deconsolidated its South African bottling operations and disposed of its related equity method
investment in exchange for equity method investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. As part of the
transaction, the Company also acquired and licensed several brands. The impacts of the deconsolidation, the disposal of the
related equity method investment and the new equity method investments have been included as a structural change in our
analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Europe, Middle East and Africa and Bottling
Investments operating segments and equity income on a consolidated basis as well as for our Bottling Investments operating
segment. The brands and licenses that the Company acquired impacted the Company’s unit case volume and concentrate sales
volume and therefore, in addition to being included as a structural change, they are also considered acquired brands. Refer to
the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating Revenues" below.
Also in 2016, the Company deconsolidated our German bottling operations as a result of their being combined to create CCEP.
As a result of the transaction, the Company now owns an equity method investment in CCEP. Accordingly, the impact of the
deconsolidation and new equity method investment has been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating
revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Europe, Middle East and Africa and Bottling Investments operating
segments and equity income on a consolidated basis as well as for our Bottling Investments operating segment. During 2016,
the Company also changed our funding arrangement with our bottling partners in China, which resulted in a reduction in net
operating revenues with an offsetting reduction in direct marketing expense. The impact of the change in the arrangement has
been included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Asia
Pacific operating segment. Refer to the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating Revenues" below.
Throughout 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company refranchised bottling territories in North America that were previously
managed by CCR to certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners. The impact of these refranchising activities has been
included as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our North
America and Bottling Investments operating segments. In addition, for non-Company-owned and licensed beverage products
sold in the refranchised territories for which the Company no longer reports unit case volume, we have eliminated the unit case
volume from the applicable base year when calculating volume growth rates on a consolidated basis as well as for the North
America and Bottling Investments operating segments. Refer to the headings "Beverage Volume" and "Net Operating
Revenues" below.
In 2015, the Company closed a transaction with Monster ("Monster Transaction"), which has been included as a structural
change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for each of the Company's operating
segments. This transaction consisted of multiple elements including, but not limited to, the acquisition of Monster’s non-energy
brands and the expansion of our distribution territories for Monster's energy brands. These elements of the transaction impacted
the Company’s unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and therefore, in addition to being included as a structural
change, they are also considered acquired brands.
Also during 2015, the Company acquired a South African bottler, which has been included as a structural change in our
analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for the Bottling Investments operating segment. Refer to
the heading "Net Operating Revenues" below.
43