Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit
sales of aﬂected products.
Various jurisdictions may seek to adopt signiﬁcant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the
marketing or sale of our products as a result of what they contain or allegations that they cause adverse health eﬁects. If these
types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health
laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products.
Under one such law in California, known as Proposition 65, if the state has determined that a substance causes cancer or harms
human reproduction, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance.
The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all
food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not
provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the
warning requirement. Consequently, the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product
to the requirement of a warning label. However, Proposition 65 does not require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can
demonstrate that the use of the product in question exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is below a
"safe harbor" threshold that may be established, is naturally occurring, is the result of necessary cooking or is subject to another
applicable exception. One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 lists, or that may be added to the lists in
the future, can be detected in certain Company products at low levels that are safe. With respect to substances that have not yet
been listed under Proposition 65, the Company takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. With respect to
substances that are already listed, the Company takes the position that the presence of each such substance in Company
products is subject to an applicable exemption from the warning requirement or that the product is otherwise in compliance
with Proposition 65. The state of California and other parties, however, have in the past taken a contrary position and may do so
in the future. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products
produced for sale in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and possible adverse publicity could negatively
affect our sales both in California and in other markets.
If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption, misappropriation of data or breaches of
security, our operations could be disrupted and our reputation may be damaged
We rely on networks and information systems and other technology ("information systems"), including the Internet and third-
party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain,
manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, mergers and acquisitions and research and development. We
use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply
with regulatory financial reporting and legal and tax requirements. In addition, we depend on information systems for digital
marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between Company personnel
and our bottlers and other customers, suppliers and consumers. Because information systems are critical to many of the
Company's operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches.
These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or by user errors, as well as
network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors,
cyberattacks by common hackers, criminal groups or nation-state organizations or social-activist (hacktivist) organizations,
geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. In
addition, such incidents could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information. If our information systems
suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely
manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results, and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our
inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. Misuse, leakage
or falsification of information could result in violations of data privacy laws and regulations, damage to the reputation and
credibility of the Company, loss of opportunities to acquire or divest of businesses or brands and loss of ability to
commercialize products developed through research and development efforts and, therefore, could have a negative impact on
net operating revenues. In addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated
confidential information belonging to us, our current or former employees, or to our bottling partners, other customers,
suppliers or consumers, and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. The Company could also
be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or
replace networks and information systems.
15