our productivity and reinvestment program as well as the Company's other productivity, integration and restructuring
initiatives. Refer to Note 1 for additional information on the Venezuelan currency change. Refer to Note 19 for the impact these
charges had on our operating segments.
Other Nonoperating Items
Interest Expense
During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recorded charges of $320 million due to the early extinguishment of
certain long-term debt. These charges included the diﬁerence between the reacquisition price and the net carrying amount of
the debt extinguished, including the impact of the related fair value hedging relationship. Refer to Note 10 for additional
information and Note 19 for the impact this charge had on our operating segments.
Equity Income (Loss) — Net
The Company recorded net charges of $61 million, $87 million and $18 million in equity income (loss) — net during the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. These amounts primarily represent the Company's proportionate share
of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our equity method investees. Refer to Note 19 for the
impact these charges had on our operating segments.
Other Income (Loss) — Net
In 2016, other income (loss) — net was a loss of $1,234 million. This loss included losses of $2,456 million due to the
refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America and a loss of $21 million due to the deconsolidation of our South
African bottling operations and disposal of the related equity method investment in exchange for investments in CCBA and
CCBA's South African subsidiary. The Company incurred charges of $31 million related to payments made to convert the
bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to a single form of CBA with additional
requirements. Additionally, the Company incurred a charge of $72 million as a result of remeasuring its net monetary assets
denominated in Egyptian pounds. The Egyptian pound devalued as a result of the central bank allowing its currency, which was
previously pegged to the US. dollar, to ﬂoat freely. These losses were partially oﬂset by a gain of $1,323 million due to the
deconsolidation of our German bottling operations and a gain of $18 million resulting from the Company's disposal of its
investment in Keurig. Refer to Note 2 for additional information on the deconsolidation of our German bottling operations, the
Keurig investment disposal, the deconsolidation of our South African bottling operations, the North America refranchising and
the conversion payments. Refer to Note 19 for the impact these items had on our operating segments.
In 2015, the Company recorded a net gain of $1,403 million as a result of the Monster Transaction and charges of
$1,006 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. In addition, the Company recognized a
foreign currency exchange gain of $300 million associated with our foreign-denominated debt partially oﬁset by a charge of
$27 million due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the SIMADI exchange
rate. Refer to Note 2 for additional information related to the Monster Transaction and North America refranchising. Refer to
Note 1 for additional information related to the charge due to the remeasurement in Venezuela. Refer to Note 19 for the impact
these items had on our operating segments.
In 2014, the Company recorded charges of $799 million due to the refranchising of certain bottling territories in North
America. The Company also incurred a charge of $372 million due to the remeasurement of the net monetary assets of our
Venezuelan subsidiary using the SICAD 2 exchange rate. Refer to Note 2 for more information related to the North America
refranchising, Note 1 for more information related to the charge due to the remeasurement in Venezuela and Note 19 for the
impact these charges had on our operating segments.
NOTE 18: PRODUCTIVITY, INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES
Productivity and Reinvestment
In February 2012, the Company announced a four-year productivity and reinvestment program designed to further enable our
efforts to strengthen our brands and reinvest our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program is focused on the
following initiatives: global supply chain optimization; global marketing and innovation effectiveness; operating expense
leverage and operational excellence; data and information technology systems standardization; and the integration of Old CCE’s
North American bottling operations.
1 3 3