Food Security
Increased demand for commodities and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of
changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as sugarcane,
corn, sugar beets, citrus, coffee and tea, which are important sources of ingredients for our products and could impact the food
security of communities around the world. We are dedicated to implementing our sustainable sourcing commitment, which is
founded on principles that protect the environment, uphold workplace rights and help build more sustainable communities. To
support this commitment, our programs focus on economic opportunity, with an emphasis on female farmers, and
environmental sustainability designed to help address these agricultural challenges. Through joint efforts with farmers,
communities, bottlers, suppliers and key partners, as well as our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture,
we can together help make a positive strategic impact on food security.
All of these challenges and risks — obesity; water quality and quantity; evolving consumer preferences; increased competition
and capabilities in the marketplace; product safety and quality; and food security — have the potential to have a material
adverse eﬁect on the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and on our Company; however, we
believe our Company is well positioned to appropriately address these challenges and risks.
See also "Item 1A. Risk Factors" in Part I of this report for additional information about risks and uncertainties facing our
Company.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States, which require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We believe our most critical accounting policies and estimates
relate to the following:
- Principles of Consolidation
- Recoverability of Current and Noncurrent Assets
- Pension Plan Valuations
- Revenue Recognition
- Income Taxes
Management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the
Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. While our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of
current events and actions we may undertake in the future, actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and
assumptions. For a discussion of the Company's significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements.
Principles of Consolidation
Our Company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. Additionally, there are
situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting
interest) does not apply. Generally, this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved
through arrangements that do not involve voting interests, which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's
voting interests in, and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of, the other business enterprise. This
disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest, and the entity in which we have the variable
interest is referred to as a "VIE." An enterprise must consolidate a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the
VIE. The primary beneficiary has both (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's
economic performance, and (2) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE that could
potentially be significant to the VIE.
Our Company holds interests in certain VIEs, primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations, for which we were
not determined to be the primary beneficiary. Our variable interests in these VIEs primarily relate to profit guarantees or
subordinated financial support. Refer to Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Although these financial
arrangements resulted in our holding variable interests in these entities, they did not empower us to direct the activities of the
VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance. Our Company's investments, plus any loans and
guarantees, related to these VIEs totaled $3,709 million and $2,687 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively,
34