Investment Strategy for US. Pension Plans
The Company utilizes the services of investment managers to actively manage the assets of our US. pension plans. We have
established asset allocation targets and investment guidelines with each investment manager. Our asset allocation targets
promote optimal expected return and volatility characteristics given the long-term time horizon for fulfilling the obligations of
the plans. Selection of the targeted asset allocation for US. plan assets was based upon a review of the expected return and risk
characteristics of each asset class, as well as the correlation of returns among asset classes. Our target allocation is a mix of
42 percent equity investments, 30 percent fixed-income investments and 28 percent alternative investments. We believe this
target allocation will enable us to achieve the following long-term investment objectives:
(1) optimize the long-term return on plan assets at an acceptable level of risk;
(2) maintain a broad diversification across asset classes and among investment managers; and
(3) maintain careful control of the risk level within each asset class.
The guidelines that have been established with each investment manager provide parameters within which the investment
managers agree to operate, including criteria that determine eligible and ineligible securities, diversiﬁcation requirements and
credit quality standards, where applicable. Unless exceptions have been approved, investment managers are prohibited from
buying or selling commodities, futures or option contracts, as well as from short selling of securities. Additionally, investment
managers agree to obtain written approval for deviations from stated investment style or guidelines. As of December 31, 2016,
no investment manager was responsible for more than 7 percent of total US. plan assets.
Our target allocation of 42 percent equity investments is composed of 60 percent global equities, 16 percent emerging market
equities and 24 percent domestic small- and mid-cap equities. Optimal returns through our investments in global equities are
achieved through security selection as well as country and sector diversification. Investments in the common stock of our
Company accounted for approximately 5 percent of our total global equities and approximately 2 percent of total US. plan
assets. Our investments in global equities are intended to provide diversified exposure to both US. and non-U.S. equity
markets. Our investments in both emerging market equities and domestic small- and mid-cap equities may experience large
swings in their market value on a periodic basis. Our investments in these asset classes are selected based on capital
appreciation potential.
Our target allocation of 30 percent fixed-income investments is composed of 33 percent long-duration bonds and 67 percent
with multi-strategy alternative credit managers. Long-duration bonds are intended to provide a stable rate of return through
investments in high-quality publicly traded debt securities. Our investments in long-duration bonds are diversified in order to
mitigate duration and credit exposure. Multi-strategy alternative credit managers invest in a combination of high-yield bonds,
bank loans, structured credit and emerging market debt. These investments are in lower-rated and non-rated debt securities,
which generally produce higher returns compared to long-duration bonds and also help to diversify our overall fixed—income
portfolio.
In addition to equity investments and fixed-income investments, we have a target allocation of 28 percent in alternative
investments. These alternative investments include hedge funds, reinsurance, private equity limited partnerships, leveraged
buyout funds, international venture capital partnerships and real estate. The objective of investing in alternative investments is
to provide a higher rate of return than that available from publicly traded equity securities. These investments are inherently
illiquid and require a long-term perspective in evaluating investment performance.
Investment Strategy for Non-US. Pension Plans
As of December 31, 2016, the long-term target allocation for 73 percent of our international subsidiaries' pension plan assets,
primarily certain of our European and Canadian plans, is 60 percent equity securities; 25 percent fixed-income securities; and
15 percent other investments. The actual allocation for the remaining 27 percent of the Company's international subsidiaries'
plan assets consisted of 55 percent mutual, pooled and commingled funds; 1 percent equity securities; 3 percent fixed-income
securities; and 41 percent other investments. The investment strategies for our international subsidiaries' plans differ greatly,
and in some instances are inﬂuenced by local law. None of our pension plans outside the United States is individually
significant for separate disclosure.
115