Commercial Leadership
The Coca-Cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve our products directly to consumers. We
focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. Our approach includes
understanding each customer's business and needs — whether that customer is a sophisticated retailer in a developed market or
a kiosk owner in an emerging market. We focus on ensuring that our customers have the right product and package oﬁerings
and the right promotional tools to deliver enhanced value to themselves and the Company. We are constantly looking to build
new beverage consumption occasions in our customers' outlets through unique and innovative consumer experiences, product
availability and delivery systems, and beverage merchandising and displays. We participate in joint brand-building initiatives
with our customers in order to drive consumer preference for our brands. Through our commercial leadership initiatives, we
embed ourselves further into our retail customers' businesses while developing strategies for better execution at the point of
sale.
Franchise Leadership
We must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our Company and our bottling partners the ability to
grow together through shared values, aligned incentives and a sense of urgency and ﬂexibility that supports consumers' always
changing needs and tastes. The financial health and success of our bottling partners are critical components of the Company's
success. We work with our bottling partners to identify processes that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies, and
we share best practices throughout the bottling system. With our bottling partners, we work to produce differentiated beverages
and packages that are appropriate for the right channels and consumers. We also design business models for sparkling and still
beverages in specific markets to ensure that we appropriately share the value created by these beverages with our bottling
partners. We will continue to build a supply chain network that leverages the size and scale of the Coca-Cola system to gain a
competitive advantage.
Challenges and Risks
Being global provides unique opportunities for our Company. Challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. Our
management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the
commercial beverage industry and our Company. Of these, six key challenges and risks are discussed below.
Obesity
The rates of obesity affecting communities, cultures and countries worldwide continue to be too high. There is growing concern
among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems associated with obesity.
This concern represents a significant challenge to our industry. We understand and recognize that obesity is a complex public
health challenge and are committed to being a part of the solution.
We recognize the uniqueness of consumers' lifestyles and dietary choices. Commercially, we continue to:
° offer reduced-, low— or no-calorie beverage options;
- provide transparent nutrition information, featuring calories on the front of all of our packages;
- provide our beverages in a range of packaging sizes; and
- market responsibly, including no advertising targeted to children under 12.
The heritage of our Company is to lead, and innovation is critical for leadership. As such, we are resolute in continuing to
innovate and are committed to partnering to find winning solutions in the area of noncaloric sweeteners. This includes working
to reduce sugar and calories in many of our beverages. We want to be a more helpful and credible partner in the fight against
obesity. Across the Coca-Cola system, we are mobilizing our assets in marketing and in community outreach to increase
awareness and spur action.
Water Quality and Quantity
Water quality and quantity is an issue that requires our Company's sustained attention and collaboration with other companies,
suppliers, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities where we operate. Water is a main ingredient in
substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies and is
needed in our manufacturing process. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. Water is a limited natural
resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increased food demand, increasing pollution, poor
management and the effects of climate change.
32