If we are unable to expand our operations in emerging and developing markets, our growth rate could be negatively
affected
Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in emerging and developing markets, which in turn depends on
economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to work with local bottlers to make necessary
infrastructure enhancements to production facilities, distribution networks, sales equipment and technology. Moreover, the
supply of our products in emerging and developing markets must match consumers’ demand for those products. Due to product
price, limited purchasing power and cultural diﬁerences, there can be no assurance that our products will be accepted in any
particular emerging or developing market.
Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have a material adverse effect on our ﬁnancial results.
We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the US. dollar,
including the euro, the Japanese yen, the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. In 2016, we used 72 functional currencies in
addition to the US. dollar and derived $22.0 billion of net operating revenues from operations outside the United States.
Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in US. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses,
as well as assets and liabilities, into US. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period.
Therefore, increases or decreases in the value of the US. dollar against other currencies affect our net operating revenues,
operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. For information regarding the
estimated impact of currency ﬂuctuations on our consolidated and operating segment net operating revenues for 2016 and
2015, refer to the heading "Operations Review - Net Operating Revenues" set forth in Part II, "Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this report. Because of the geographic diversity
of our operations, weaknesses in some currencies might be oﬁset by strengths in others over time. We also use derivative
financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations. However, we cannot
assure you that ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the US. dollar against major
currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, would not materially affect our financial results.
If interest rates increase, our net income could be negatively ajfected
We maintain levels of debt that we consider prudent based on our cash ﬂows, interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to
capital. We use debt financing to lower our cost of capital, which increases our return on shareowners' equity. This exposes us
to adverse changes in interest rates. When and to the extent appropriate, we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our
exposure to interest rate risks. We cannot assure you, however, that our financial risk management program will be successful
in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to interest rate ﬂuctuations. Our interest expense may also be aﬁected by our credit
ratings. In assessing our credit strength, credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as the
consolidated balance sheet and other financial information of the Company. In addition, some credit rating agencies also
consider financial information of certain of our major bottlers. It is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue
using this methodology. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure; our major
bottlers' financial performance; changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength; the credit
agencies' perception of the impact of credit market conditions on our or our major bottlers' current or future financial
performance and financial condition; or for any other reason, our cost of borrowing could increase. Additionally, if the credit
ratings of certain bottlers in which we have equity method investments were to be downgraded, such bottlers' interest expense
could increase, which would reduce our equity income.
We rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. If we are unable to maintain good relationships
with our bottling partners, our business could suffer:
We generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling
partners. As independent companies, our bottling partners, some of which are publicly traded companies, make their own
business decisions that may not always align with our interests. In addition, many of our bottling partners have the right to
manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. If we are unable to provide an
appropriate mix of incentives to our bottling partners through a combination of pricing and marketing and advertising support,
or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts, they may take actions that, while
maximizing their own short-term profits, may be detrimental to our Company or our brands, or they may devote more of their
energy and resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the Company. Such actions could, in the long
run, have an adverse effect on our profitability.
l2