Net Operating Revenues
Year Ended December 31, 2016 versus Year Ended December 31, 2015
The Company's net operating revenues decreased $2,431 million, or 5 percent.
The following table illustrates, on a percentage basis, the estimated impact of key factors resulting in the increase (decrease) in
net operating revenues for each of our operating segments:
7 Percent Change 2016 vs. 2015 7
7 Acquisitions & Price, Product & Currency 7
7 Volume1 Divestitures Geographic Mix Fluctuations Totali
Consolidated 1% (6)% 3% (3)% (5)%
Europe, Middle East & Africa —% (4)% 2% (3)% (4)%
Latin America (1) — 13 (18) (6)
North America 1 — 3 — 4
Asia Pacific 3 (2) (2) 1 1
Bottling Investments — (13) 1 (1) (14)
Corporate * * * * * 7
Note: Certain rows may not add due to rounding.
* Calculation is not meaningful.
1 Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our
geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases) after considering the impact of structural changes. For our Bottling
Investments operating segment, this represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in unit
case volume after considering the impact of structural changes. Our Bottling Investments operating segment data reﬂects unit case volume
growth for consolidated bottlers only. Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above.
Refer to the heading "Beverage Volume" above for additional information related to changes in our unit case and concentrate
sales volumes.
"Acquisitions and divestitures" refers to acquisitions and divestitures of brands or businesses, some of which the Company
considers to be structural changes. Refer to the heading "Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands"
above for additional information related to the structural changes.
"Price, product and geographic mix" refers to the change in revenue caused by factors such as price changes, the mix of
products and packages sold and the mix of channels and geographic territories where the sales occurred.
Price, product and geographic mix had a favorable 3 percent impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. Price, product
and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including, but not limited to, the following:
- Europe, Middle East and Africa — favorable product and geographic mix;
- Latin America — favorable price mix in all four of the segment's business units and the impact of inﬂationary
environments in certain markets, partially offset by unfavorable geographic mix;
° North America — favorably impacted as a result of pricing initiatives and product and package mix; and
- Asia Pacific — unfavorable product and channel mix.
The unfavorable impact of foreign currency ﬂuctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 3 percent. This
unfavorable impact was primarily due to a stronger US. dollar compared to certain foreign currencies, including the South
African rand, euro, UK. pound sterling, Brazilian real, Argentine peso, Mexican peso and Australian dollar, which had an
unfavorable impact on our Europe, Middle East and Africa, Latin America, Asia Pacific and Bottling Investments operating
segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger US. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially oﬂset by the
impact of a weaker US. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies, including the Japanese yen, which had a favorable
impact on our Asia Pacific operating segment. Refer to the heading "Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position —
Foreign Exchange" below.
48