Other Fair Value Disclosures
The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents; short-term investments; receivables; accounts payable and accrued
expenses; and loans and notes payable approximate their fair values because of the relatively short-term maturities of these
ﬁnancial instruments.
The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those instruments. Where
quoted prices are not available, fair value is estimated using discounted cash ﬂows and market-based expectations for interest
rates, credit risk and the contractual terms of the debt instruments. As of December 31, 2016, the carrying amount and fair
value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were $33,211 million and $33,752 million, respectively. As of
December 31, 2015, the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt, including the current portion, were
$30,987 million and $31,308 million, respectively.
NOTE 17: SIGNIFICANT OPERATING AND NONOPERATING ITEMS
Other Operating Charges
In 2016, the Company recorded other operating charges of $1,5 10 million. These charges primarily consisted of $352 million
due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $240 million due to the integration of our German bottling
operations. In addition, the Company recorded charges of $297 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our
bottling operations. These costs include, among other items, internal and external costs for individuals directly working on the
refranchising efforts, severance, and costs associated with the implementation of information technology systems to facilitate
consistent data standards and availability throughout our bottling systems. Additionally, the Company recorded $118 million of
pension settlement charges primarily as a result of our refranchising activities. The Company also recorded a charge of
$200 million related to cash contributions we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a charge of $76 million due to the write-
down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela as a result of changes in exchange rates and
charges of $41 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. Refer to
Note 18 for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives and Note 1 for
additional information on the Venezuelan exchange rates. Refer to Note 19 for the impact these charges had on our operating
segments.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company recorded charges of $153 million related to certain intangible assets.
These charges included $143 million related to the impairment of certain U.S. bottlers' franchise rights recorded in our Bottling
Investments operating segment. This charge was related to a number of factors, primarily as a result of lower operating
performance compared to previously modeled results as well as a revision in management's view of the proceeds that may be
ultimately received upon refranchising the territory. The remaining charge of $10 million was related to the impairment of
goodwill recorded in our Bottling Investments operating segment. This charge was primarily the result of management's revised
outlook on market conditions. The total impairment charges of $ 153 million were recorded in our Bottling Investments
operating segment in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income and were determined by
comparing the fair value of the intangible assets, derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, to their respective carrying
values.
In 2015, the Company incurred other operating charges of $1,657 million. These charges primarily consisted of $691 million
due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $292 million due to the integration of our German bottling
operations. In addition, the Company recorded impairment charges of $418 million primarily due to the discontinuation of the
energy products in the glaceau portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and incurred a charge of $100 million due to a
cash contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation. The Company also incurred a charge of $111 million due to the
write-down of receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark primarily due
to changes in exchange rates as a result of the establishment of the new open market exchange system. Refer to Note 18 for
additional information on the Company's productivity, integration and restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 2 for additional
information on the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 1 for additional information on the Venezuelan currency change. Refer
to Note 19 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments.
In 2014, the Company incurred other operating charges of $1,183 million. These charges primarily consisted of $601 million
due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $208 million due to the integration of our German bottling
operations. In addition, the Company incurred a charge of $3 14 million due to a write-down we recorded related to receivables
from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark primarily due to changes in exchange
rates. The write-down was recorded as a result of limited government-approved exchange rate conversion mechanisms. The
Company also recorded a loss of $36 million as a result of the restructuring and transition of the Company's Russian juice
operations to an existing joint venture with an unconsolidated bottling partner. Refer to Note 18 for additional information on
1 32