As a result of the Monster Transaction, the North America Coca-Cola system obtained the right to distribute Monster products
in territories for which it was not previously the authorized distributor ("expanded territories"). These distribution rights are
governed by an agreement with an initial term of 20 years, after which it will continue to remain in effect unless otherwise
terminated by either party, and there are no future costs of renewal. As such, these rights were determined to be indefinite-lived
intangible assets and are classified in the line item bottlers' franchise rights with indeﬁnite lives in our consolidated balance
sheet. CCR is the distributor in the majority of the expanded territories. The remainder of the territories are serviced by
independent bottling partners. Of the $1,035 million allocated to the expanded distribution rights, the Company derecognized
$341 million related to the expanded territories serviced by the independent bottling partners upon the close of the transaction.
As consideration for these rights, the Company received an upfront payment of $28 million related to these territories, and we
will receive a payment per case on all future sales made by these independent bottlers for the duration of the distribution
agreements. As these payments are dependent on future sales, they are a form of contingent consideration. We elected to
account for this consideration in the same manner as the contingent consideration to be received in the North America
refranchising, discussed below. This resulted in a net loss of $313 million recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in
our consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31, 2015.
During the year ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized a gain of $ 1,715 million on the sale of our global energy
drink business, primarily due to the difference in the recorded carrying value of the assets transferred, including an allocated
portion of goodwill, compared to the value of the total assets and business acquired. After considering the loss resulting from
the derecognition of the expanded territory rights serviced by the independent bottling partners, the net gain recognized on the
Monster Transaction was $1,403 million, which was recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated
statement of income. Additionally, under the terms of the Monster Transaction, we were required to discontinue selling energy
products under certain trademarks, including one trademark in the glacéau portfolio. The Company recognized an impairment
charge of $380 million upon closing, primarily related to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glaceau portfolio,
which was recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income.
During the year ended December 31, 2015, based on the relative fair values of the total assets and business acquired,
$1,620 million of the $2,150 million cash payment made was classified in the line item acquisitions of businesses, equity
method investments and nonmarketable securities in our consolidated statement of cash ﬂows. The remaining $530 million was
classified in the line item other investing activities in our consolidated statement of cash ﬂows.
German Bottling Operations
In conjunction with the Company's acquisition of German bottling operations in 2007, the former owners received put options
to sell their respective shares in the operations back to the Company in January 2014. The Company paid $503 million to
purchase these shares, which was included in the line item other financing activities in our consolidated statement of cash
ﬂows, resulting in 100 percent ownership of our German bottling operations. This bottler was deconsolidated in conjunction
with the Coca-Cola European Partners transaction discussed further below.
Divestitures
During 2016, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled
$1,035 million, primarily related to proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our bottling territories in North America.
During 2015, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled
$565 million, which included proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our bottling territories in North America and
proceeds from the sale of a 10 percent interest in a Brazilian bottling partner as a result of the majority owners exercising their
right to acquire additional shares from us.
During 2014, proceeds from disposals of businesses, equity method investments and nonmarketable securities totaled
$148 million, which primarily represented the proceeds from the refranchising of certain of our bottling territories in North
America.
89