Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend
economic life are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded principally by the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of our assets, which are reviewed periodically and generally have the following ranges: buildings and
improvements: 40 years or less; and machinery, equipment and vehicle ﬂeet: 20 years or less. Land is not depreciated, and
construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-
line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term, including renewals that are deemed to be reasonably assured, or the
estimated useful life of the improvement. Depreciation is not recorded during the period in which a long-lived asset or disposal
group is classified as held for sale, even if the asset or disposal group continues to generate revenue during the period.
Depreciation expense, including the depreciation expense of assets under capital lease, totaled $1,575 million, $1,735 million
and $1,716 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Amortization expense for leasehold improvements totaled
$22 million, $18 million and $20 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount of property, plant and
equipment should be assessed, including, among others, a significant decrease in market value, a significant change in the
business climate in a particular market, or a current period operating or cash ﬂow loss combined with historical losses or
projected future losses. When such events or changes in circumstances are present, we estimate the future cash ﬂows expected
to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. These estimated future cash ﬂows are consistent
with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash ﬂows (undiscounted and without interest
charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by
which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property,
plant and equipment, including appraisals and discounted cash ﬂow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we
believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. Refer to Note 7.
Goodwill, Trademarks and Other Intangible Assets
We classify intangible assets into three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, (2) intangible
assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (3) goodwill. We determine the useful lives of our identifiable
intangible assets after considering the specific facts and circumstances related to each intangible asset. Factors we consider
when determining useful lives include the contractual term of any agreement related to the asset, the historical performance of
the asset, the Company's long-term strategy for using the asset, any laws or other local regulations which could impact the
useful life of the asset, and other economic factors, including competition and specific market conditions. Intangible assets that
are deemed to have deﬁnite lives are amortized, primarily on a straight-line basis, over their useful lives, generally ranging
from 1 to 20 years. Refer to Note 8.
When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable,
management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting profit
and cash ﬂows. These estimated future cash ﬂows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the
expected future cash ﬂows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount, we recognize an
impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset or asset group
exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash
ﬂow models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use.
We test intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives, including trademarks, franchise rights and goodwill, for
impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired. Our Company
performs these annual impairment reviews as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. We use a variety of methodologies in
conducting impairment assessments of indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash ﬂow
models, which are based on the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. For indefinite-lived
intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an
amount equal to that excess. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite—lived intangible
assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. The Company must assess whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that this is the
case, it must perform the testing described above. Otherwise, the Company does not need to perform any further assessment.
We perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. Our
operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our
business. Our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as
"business units." These business units are also our reporting units. The Bottling Investments operating segment includes all
Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location, including CCR's bottling and
associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada. Generally, each Company-owned or consolidated bottling
83