In 2016, the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items:
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $32 million for Europe, Middle East
and Africa, $134 million for North America, $1 million for Asia Pacific, $322 million for Bottling Investments and
$105 million for Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring
initiatives. Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by $2 million for Latin
America due to the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's productivity and reinvestment
program. Refer to Note 18.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $76 million for Latin America due to
the write-down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela due to changes in exchange
rates. Refer to Note 1.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $297 million for Bottling Investments
due to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our bottling operations. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $153 million for Bottling Investments
due to impairment charges recorded on certain of the Company's intangible assets. Refer to Note 17.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $118 million for Bottling Investments
due to pension settlement charges primarily as a result of our refranchising activities. Refer to Note 17 .
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $9 million for Bottling Investments and
$32 million for Corporate related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions.
Refer to Note 17.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $200 million for Corporate as a result
of cash contributions to The Coca-Cola Foundation. Refer to Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $52 million for Bottling Investments and $9 million for Corporate
due to the Company's proportionate share of significant operating and nonoperating items recorded by certain of our
equity method investees. Refer to Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $31 million for North America related to payments made to convert
the bottling agreements for certain North America bottling partners' territories to a single form of CBA with additional
requirements. Refer to Note 2.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $2,456 million for Bottling Investments primarily due to the
refranchising of certain bottling territories in North America. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by $1,323 million for Corporate as a result of the deconsolidation of
our German bottling operations. Refer to Note 2.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $72 million for Corporate as a result of remeasuring our net monetary
assets denominated in Egyptian pounds. Refer to Note 17.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was increased by $18 million for Corporate as a result of the disposal of our
investment in Keurig. Refer to Note 2.
- Income (loss) before income taxes was reduced by $21 million for Corporate due to the deconsolidation of our South
African bottling operations in exchange for investments in CCBA and CCBA's South African subsidiary. Refer to
Note 2.
In 2015, the results of our operating segments were impacted by the following items:
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $7 million for Latin America,
$141 million for North America, $2 million for Asia Paciﬁc, $596 million for Bottling Investments and $246 million for
Corporate due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program as well as other restructuring initiatives.
Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were increased by $9 million for Europe, Middle East
and Africa due to the refinement of previously established accruals, partially offset by additional charges related to the
Company's productivity and reinvestment program. Refer to Note 18.
° Operating income (loss) and income (loss) before income taxes were reduced by $418 million for Corporate primarily
due to an impairment charge primarily related to the discontinuation of the energy products in the glaceau portfolio as a
result of the Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 2 and Note 17.
137