Through the Company's 12 percent interest in CCBA, the Company is represented by two directors on CCBA's lO-member
Board of Directors. Based on the level of equity ownership, the Company’s representation on the Board of Directors, material
intercompany transactions and other governance rights, the Company is accounting for its interests in CCBA and CCBA's
South African subsidiary as equity method investments.
In October 2016, Anheuser-Busch InBev ("ABI") acquired SABMiller plc, including its controlling interest in CCBA. In
December 2016, the Company and ABI reached an agreement regarding the transition of ABI's stake in CCBA for an equity
value of $3,150 million, after customary adjustments. The Company has also agreed in principle to acquire ABI's interest in
bottling operations in Zambia, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Swaziland, Lesotho, El Salvador and Honduras. The Company will
negotiate the terms of this transaction with ABI according to the contractual parameters. The transactions are subject to the
relevant regulatory and minority shareholder approvals and are expected to close by the end of 2017. We plan to hold all of
these territories temporarily until they can be refranchised to other partners.
Brazilian Bottling Operations
In December 2014, the Company received notification that the owners of the majority interest in a Brazilian bottling operation
had exercised their option to acquire from us shares representing a 10 percent interest in the entity's outstanding shares. During
the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an estimated loss of $32 million as a result of the exercise price being lower
than our carrying value of these shares. The transaction closed in January 2015, and the Company recorded an additional loss of
$6 million during the year ended December 31, 2015, calculated based on the final option price. As a result of this transaction,
the Company's ownership was reduced to 34 percent of the entity’s outstanding shares. The owners of the majority interest have
a remaining option to acquire an additional 14 percent interest of the entity's outstanding shares at any time through
December 31, 2019, based on an agreed-upon formula.
Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale
North America Reﬁanchising
As of December 31, 2016, the Company had entered into agreements, or otherwise approved plans, to refranchise additional
territories in North America. For territories that met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, we were required to record their
assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the agreed-upon sale price. The
Company expects that these territories will be refranchised within the next 12 months.
Reﬂanchising of China Bottling Operations
In November 2016, the Company entered into definitive agreements for the sale of the Company-owned bottling operations in
China to the two existing franchise bottlers and to sell a related cost method investment to one of the franchise bottlers. Closing
is subject to various regulatory approvals and is expected in the first half of 20 17. As a result, the Company's bottling
operations in China and a related cost method investment met the criteria to be classified as held for sale, which requires us to
present the related assets and liabilities as separate line items in our consolidated balance sheet. We were not required to record
these assets and liabilities at fair value less any costs to sell because their fair value approximates our carrying value.
92