FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains information that may constitute "forward-looking statements. " Generally, the words "believe," "expect,"
"intend," "estimate," "anticipate, " "project, " "will" and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements, which
generally are not historical in nature. However, the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a
statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance, events or developments that we expect or
anticipate will occur in the future — including statements relating to volume growth, share of sales and earnings per share
growth, and statements expressing general views about future operating results — are forward-looking statements.
Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However, caution should be
taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date
when made. Our Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition, forward-looking statements are
subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to diﬂer materially from our Company’s historical
experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those
described in Part I, "Item IA. Risk Factors " and elsewhere in this report and those described from time to time in our future
reports ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
PART I
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
In this report, the terms "The Coca-Cola Company," "Company," "we," "us" and "our" mean The Coca-Cola Company and all
entities included in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
General
The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company. We own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic
beverage brands including sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages such as waters, ﬂavored waters and enhanced
waters, juices and juice drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coﬂees, sports drinks, dairy, and energy drinks. We own and market four
of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola, Diet Coke, F anta and Sprite. Finished beverage
products bearing our trademarks, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than 200 countries.
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned
or -controlled bottling and distribution operations as well as independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and
retailers — the world’s largest beverage distribution system. Beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account
for more than 1.9 billion of the approximately 59 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of options to
meet their desires, needs and lifestyles. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively, every
day.
Our goal is to use our Company's assets — our brands, financial strength, unrivaled distribution system, global reach, and the
talent and strong commitment of our management and associates — to become more competitive and to accelerate growth in a
manner that creates value for our shareowners.
We were incorporated in September 1919 under the laws of the State of Delaware and succeeded to the business of a Georgia
corporation with the same name that had been organized in 1892.
Operating Segments
The Company's operating structure is the basis for our internal financial reporting. As of December 31, 2016, our operating
structure included the following operating segments, the ﬁrst five of which are sometimes referred to as "operating groups" or
"groups":
- Europe, Middle East and Africa
- Latin America
- North America
- Asia Pacific
- Bottling Investments
- Corporate
1