We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned
or -controlled bottling and distribution operations, bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers — the world's largest
beverage distribution system. Beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for more than 1.9 billion of the
approximately 59 billion servings of all beverages consumed worldwide every day.
We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of beverage
choices to meet their desires, needs and lifestyle choices. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute
effectively, every day.
Our goal is to use our Company's assets — our brands, financial strength, unrivaled distribution system, global reach, and the
talent and strong commitment of our management and associates — to become more competitive and to accelerate growth in a
manner that creates value for our shareowners.
Our Company markets, manufactures and sells:
° beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as "beverage bases," and syrups, including fountain syrups (we refer to this
part of our business as our "concentrate business" or "concentrate operations"); and
- finished sparkling and still beverages (we refer to this part of our business as our "finished product business" or "ﬁnished
product operations").
Generally, finished product operations generate higher net operating revenues but lower gross profit margins than concentrate
operations.
In our concentrate operations, we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized
bottling and canning operations (to which we typically refer as our "bottlers" or our "bottling partners"). Our bottling partners
either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product), still water and/or sparkling water, or combine the
syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers —
such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles — bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us
and are then sold to retailers directly or, in some cases, through wholesalers or other bottlers. Outside the United States, we also
sell concentrates for fountain beverages to our bottling partners who are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups,
which they sell to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores which use the fountain syrups to produce
beverages for immediate consumption, or to authorized fountain wholesalers who in turn sell and distribute the fountain syrups
to fountain retailers.
Our finished product operations consist primarily of Company-owned or -controlled bottling, sales and distribution operations,
including CCR's bottling and associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada, and are included in our
Bottling Investments operating segment. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling
beverages and a variety of still beverages, such as juices and juice drinks, energy and sports drinks, ready-to-drink teas and
coffees, and certain water products, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to
retailers. In addition, in the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers such as
restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption or to
authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. These fountain syrup
sales are included in our North America operating segment. We authorize these wholesalers to resell our fountain syrups
through nonexclusive appointments that neither restrict us in setting the prices at which we sell fountain syrups to the
wholesalers nor restrict the territories in which the wholesalers may resell in the United States.
The following table sets forth the percentage of total net operating revenues related to concentrate operations and ﬁnished
product operations:
iYear Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
Concentrate operations‘ 40% 37% 38%
Finished product operations2 60 63 62
Total 100% 100% 100%?
1 Includes concentrates sold by the Company to authorized bottling partners for the manufacture of fountain syrups. The bottlers then
typically sell the fountain syrups to wholesalers or directly to fountain retailers.
2 Includes fountain syrups manufactured by the Company, including consolidated bottling operations, and sold to fountain retailers or to
authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers.
30