In addition, from time to time we make equity investments representing noncontrolling interests in selected bottling operations
with the intention of maximizing the strength and eﬂiciency of the Coca-Cola system's production, marketing, sales and
distribution capabilities around the world by providing expertise and resources to strengthen those businesses. These
investments are intended to result in increases in unit case volume, net revenues and profits at the bottler level, which in turn
generate increased concentrate sales for our Company's concentrate and syrup business. When this occurs, both we and our
bottling partners benefit from long-term growth in volume and improved cash ﬂows. When our equity investment provides us
with the ability to exercise signiﬁcant inﬂuence over the investee bottler's operating and financial policies, we account for the
investment under the equity method, and we sometimes refer to such a bottler as an "equity method investee bottler" or "equity
method investee. "
Our equity method investee bottlers include Coca-Cola F EMSA, CCEP, Coca-Cola Hellenic and Coca-Cola Icecek, in which as
of December 31, 2016, we had equity ownership interests of 28 percent, 18 percent, 23 percent and 20 percent, respectively.
Seasonality
Sales of our nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal, with the second and third calendar quarters
accounting for the highest sales volumes. The volume of sales in the beverage business may be affected by weather conditions.
Competition
The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive, consisting of numerous
companies ranging from small or emerging to very large and well established. These include companies that, like our Company,
compete in multiple geographic areas, as well as businesses that are primarily regional or local in operation. Competitive
products include numerous nonalcoholic sparkling beverages; various water products, including packaged, ﬂavored and
enhanced waters; juices and nectars, fruit drinks and dilutables (including syrups and powdered drinks); coffees and teas;
energy and sports and other performance-enhancing drinks; filtered milk and other dairy-based drinks; functional beverages,
including vitamin-based products and relaxation beverages; and various other nonalcoholic beverages. These competitive
beverages are sold to consumers in both ready-to-drink and other than ready-to-drink form. In many of the countries in which
we do business, including the United States, PepsiCo, Inc. ("PepsiCo"), is one of our primary competitors. Other significant
competitors include, but are not limited to, Nestle’, DPSG, Groupe Danone, Mondeléz International, Inc. ("Mondelez"), The
Kraft Heinz Company ("Kraft"), Suntory Beverage & Food Limited ("Suntory") and Unilever. In certain markets, our
competition also includes beer companies. We also compete against numerous regional and local companies and, in some
markets, against retailers that have developed their own store or private label beverage brands.
Competitive factors impacting our business include, but are not limited to, pricing, advertising, sales promotion programs,
product innovation, increased efficiency in production techniques, the introduction of new packaging, new vending and
dispensing equipment, and brand and trademark development and protection.
Our competitive strengths include leading brands with high levels of consumer acceptance; a worldwide network of bottlers
and distributors of Company products; sophisticated marketing capabilities; and a talented group of dedicated associates. Our
competitive challenges include strong competition in all geographic regions and, in many countries, a concentrated retail sector
with powerful buyers able to freely choose among Company products, products of competitive beverage suppliers and
individual retailers' own store or private label beverage brands.
Raw Materials
Water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products. While historically we have not experienced significant water
supply difficulties, water is a limited natural resource in many parts of the world, and our Company recognizes water
availability, quality and sustainability, for both our operations and also the communities where we operate, as one of the key
challenges facing our business.
In addition to water, the principal raw materials used in our business are nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners. In the United
States, the principal nutritive sweetener is high fructose corn syrup ("HFCS"), which is nutritionally equivalent to sugar. HFCS
is available from numerous domestic sources and has historically been subject to ﬂuctuations in its market price. The principal
nutritive sweetener used by our business outside the United States is sucrose, i.e., table sugar, which is also available from
numerous sources and has historically been subject to ﬂuctuations in its market price. Our Company generally has not
experienced any difﬁculties in obtaining its requirements for nutritive sweeteners. In the United States, we purchase HFCS to
meet our and our bottlers' requirements with the assistance of Coca-Cola Bottlers' Sales & Services Company LLC ("CCBSS").
CCBSS is a limited liability company that is owned by authorized Coca-Cola bottlers doing business in the United States.
Among other things, CCBSS provides procurement services to our Company for the purchase of various goods and services in
the United States, including HFCS.
7