As of December 31, 2016, the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits was $302 million. If the Company were to prevail on
all uncertain tax positions, the net effect would be a benefit of $179 million, exclusive of any benefits related to interest and
penalties. The remaining $123 million, which was recorded as a deferred tax asset, primarily represents tax benefits that would
be received in diﬁerent tax jurisdictions in the event the Company did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
A reconciliation of the changes in the gross amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in millions):
Year Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014
Beginning balance of unrecognized tax benefits $ 168 $ 211 $ 230
Increase related to prior period tax positions 163 1 4 13
Decrease related to prior period tax positions — (9) (2)
Increase related to current period tax positions 17 5 1 1
Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities (40) 1 (5) (5)
Decrease due to lapse of the applicable statute of limitations — (23) (32)
Increase (decrease) due to effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes (6) (15) (4)
Ending balance of unrecognized tax benefits $ 302 $ 168 $ 211
1 The increase is primarily related to a change in judgment about one of the Company’s tax positions as a result of receiving notification of
a preliminary settlement of a Competent Authority matter with a foreign jurisdiction, a portion of which became certain later in the year.
This change in position did not have a material impact on the Company's consolidated statement of income during the year ended
December 31, 2016, as it was partially offset by refunds to be received from the foreign jurisdiction.
The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The
Company had $142 million, $111 million and $113 million in interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits accrued
as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Of these amounts, $31 million and $8 million of expense were
recognized through income tax expense in 2016 and 2014, respectively. An insignificant amount of interest and penalties were
recognized through income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. If the Company were to prevail on
all uncertain tax positions, the reversal of this accrual would also be a benefit to the Company's eﬁective tax rate.
Based on current tax laws, the Company's effective tax rate in 2017 is expected to be 24.0 percent before considering the effect
of any unusual or special items that may affect our tax rate.
Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position
We believe our ability to generate cash ﬂows from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. Refer to
the heading "Cash Flows from Operating Activities" below. The near-term outlook for our business remains strong, and we
expect to generate substantial cash ﬂows from operations in 2017. As a result of our expected cash ﬂows from operations, we
have significant ﬂexibility to meet our financial commitments. The Company does not typically raise capital through the
issuance of stock. Instead, we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners'
equity. Refer to the heading "Cash Flows from Financing Activities" below. We have a history of borrowing funds domestically
and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. In addition, our domestic entities
have recently borrowed and continue to have the ability to borrow funds in international markets at reasonable interest rates.
Our debt financing includes the use of an extensive commercial paper program as part of our overall cash management strategy.
The Company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of
commercial paper, short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future.
In addition to the Company's cash balances, commercial paper program, and our ability to issue long-term debt, we also had
$8,170 million in lines of credit for general corporate purposes as of December 31, 2016. These backup lines of credit expire at
various times from 2017 through 2022.
We have significant operations outside the United States. Unit case volume outside the United States represented 81 percent of
the Company's worldwide unit case volume in 2016. We earn a substantial amount of our consolidated operating income and
income before income taxes in foreign subsidiaries that either sell concentrate to our local bottling partners or, in certain
instances, sell finished products directly to our customers to fulfill the demand for Company beverage products outside the
United States. A significant portion of these foreign earnings is considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions
where the Company has made, and will continue to make, substantial investments to support the ongoing development and
growth of our international operations. Accordingly, no US. federal and state income taxes have been provided on the portion
of our foreign earnings that is considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. The Company's cash, cash
equivalents, short-term investments and marketable securities held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled $20.2 billion as of
December 31, 2016. With the exception of an insignificant amount, for which US. federal and state income taxes have already
been provided, we do not intend, nor do we foresee a need, to repatriate these funds.
59