Our Company regularly assesses the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and has
implemented a formal water risk management program. Mitigation of water risk forms the basis of our water stewardship
strategic framework. This strategy is executed at the local level where we operate and includes the following elements: water
use efficiency and wastewater treatment in manufacturing operations; shared watershed protection efforts; engaging local
communities; and addressing water resource management in our agricultural ingredient supply chain. Such eﬁorts are
conducted in collaboration and partnership with others and are intended to help address local needs. Many of these eﬁorts help
us in achieving our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. We
are also collaborating with other companies, governments, nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for
needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world.
Through these integrated programs, we believe that our Company can leverage the water-related knowledge we have developed
in the communities we serve — through source water availability assessments and planning, water resource management, water
treatment, wastewater treatment systems and models for working with communities and partners in addressing water and
sanitation needs. As demand for water continues to increase around the world, we expect continued action on our part to help
with the successful long-term stewardship of this critical natural resource, both for our business and the communities we serve.
Evolving Consumer Preferences
We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, on—the-go lifestyles, aging populations and consumers who are
empowered with more information than ever. As a consequence of these changes, consumers want more choices. We are
committed to meeting their needs and to generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and nearly
3,900 beverage products, including nearly 1,200 low— and no-calorie products, new product offerings, innovative packaging and
ingredient education efforts. We are also committed to continuing to expand the variety of choices we provide to consumers to
meet their ever-changing needs, desires and lifestyles.
Increased Competition and Capabilities in the Marketplace
Our Company is facing strong competition from some well-established global companies and many local participants. We must
continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to maintain our brand loyalty and market share
while we strategically expand into other profitable categories of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial
beverage industry.
Product Safety and Quality
As the world's largest beverage company, we strive to meet the highest of standards in both product safety and product quality.
We are aware that some consumers have concerns and negative viewpoints regarding certain ingredients used in our products.
The Coca-Cola system works every day to share safe and refreshing beverages with the world. We have rigorous product and
ingredient safety and quality standards designed to ensure safety and quality in each of our products, and we drive innovation
that provides new beverage options to meet consumers' evolving needs and preferences. Across the Coca-Cola system, we take
great care in an effort to ensure that every one of our beverages meets the highest standards for safety and quality.
We work to ensure consistent safety and quality through strong governance and compliance with applicable regulations and
standards. We stay current with new regulations, industry best practices and marketplace conditions and engage with standard-
setting and industry organizations. Additionally, we manufacture and distribute our products according to strict policies,
requirements and specifications set forth in an integrated quality management program that continually measures all operations
within the Coca-Cola system against the same stringent standards. Our quality management system also identifies and mitigates
risks and drives improvement. In our quality laboratories, we stringently measure the quality attributes of ingredients as well as
samples of finished products collected from the marketplace.
We perform due diligence to ensure that product and ingredient safety and quality standards are maintained in the more than
200 countries where our products are sold. We consistently reassess the relevance of our requirements and standards and
continually work to improve and refine them across our entire supply chain.
33