Other Operating Charges
Other operating charges incurred by operating segment were as follows (in millions):
iYear Ended December 31, 2016 2015 2014 7
Europe, Middle East & Africa S 32 $ (9) $ 137
Latin America 74 40 295
North America 134 141 157
Asia Pacific 1 3 38
Bottling Investments 900 600 371
Corporate 369 882 185
Total $ 1,510 $ 1,657 $ 1,183 r
In 2016, the Company recorded other operating charges of $1,5 10 million. These charges primarily consisted of $352 million
due to the Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $240 million due to the integration of our German bottling
operations. In addition, the Company recorded charges of $297 million related to costs incurred to refranchise certain of our
bottling operations. These costs include, among other items, internal and external costs for individuals directly working on the
refranchising efforts, severance and costs associated with the implementation of information technology systems to facilitate
consistent data standards and availability throughout our bottling systems. Additionally, the Company recorded $118 million of
pension settlement charges primarily as a result of our refranchising activities. The Company also recorded a charge of
$200 million related to cash contributions we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation, a charge of $76 million due to the write-
down we recorded related to our receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela as a result of changes in exchange rates and
charges of $41 million related to noncapitalizable transaction costs associated with pending and closed transactions. Refer to
Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration
and restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Venezuelan exchange rates. Refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had on
our operating segments.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company also recorded charges of $153 million related to certain intangible
assets. These charges included $143 million related to the impairment of certain U.S. bottlers' franchise rights recorded in our
Bottling Investments operating segment. This charge was related to a number of factors, primarily as a result of lower operating
performance compared to previously modeled results as well as a revision in management's view of the proceeds that may be
ultimately received upon refranchising the territory. The remaining charge of $10 million was related to the impairment of
goodwill recorded in our Bottling Investments operating segment. This charge was primarily the result of management's revised
outlook on market conditions. The total impairment charges of $ 153 million were recorded in our Bottling Investments
operating segment in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income and were determined by
comparing the fair value of the intangible assets, derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, to their respective carrying
values.
In 2015, the Company incurred other operating charges of $1,657 million. These charges included $691 million due to the
Company's productivity and reinvestment program and $292 million due to the integration of our German bottling operations.
In addition, the Company recorded impairment charges of $418 million primarily due to the discontinuation of the energy
products in the glacéau portfolio as a result of the Monster Transaction and incurred a charge of $100 million due to a cash
contribution we made to The Coca-Cola Foundation. The Company also incurred a charge of $ 1 11 million due to the write-
down we recorded related to receivables from our bottling partner in Venezuela and an impairment of a Venezuelan trademark
primarily due to changes in exchange rates as a result of the establishment of the new open market exchange system. Refer to
Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the Company's productivity, integration
and restructuring initiatives. Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Monster Transaction. Refer to Note 1 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the
Venezuelan currency change. Refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the impact these charges had
on our operating segments.
52