the Company for nonperformance or upon the occurrence of certain defined events of default that may vary from contract to
contract.
In conjunction with implementing a new beverage partnership model in North America, the Company granted certain additional
exclusive territory rights for the distribution, promotion, marketing and sale of Company-owned and licensed beverage
products (as defined by the comprehensive beverage agreements ("CBAs")) to certain U.S. bottlers. These expanding bottlers
entered into new CBAs, to which we sometimes refer as "expanding bottler CBAs." Under the expanding bottler CBAs, the
Company generally retained the rights to produce the applicable beverage products for territories not covered by specific
manufacturing agreements and such bottlers purchase from the Company (or from Company-authorized manufacturing
bottlers) substantially all of the finished beverage products needed in order to service the customers in these territories. The
expanding bottler CBA has a term of 10 years and is renewable, in most cases by the bottler, and in some cases by the
Company, indeﬁnitely for successive additional terms of 10 years each, and includes additional requirements that provide for,
among other things, a binding national governance model, mandatory incidence pricing and certain core performance
requirements. The Company also entered into, or agreed to enter into, manufacturing agreements that authorize certain
expanding bottlers that have executed expanding bottler CBAs to manufacture certain beverage products for their own account
and for supply to other bottlers. Certain expanding bottlers in the United States also agreed to convert their bottler's agreements
for legacy territories and initial CBAs to a single form of expanding bottler CBA, which will provide consistency across each
such bottler's respective territory, and consistency with other US. bottlers that have been granted or converted to an expanding
bottler CBA. In addition, certain U.S. bottlers that were not granted additional exclusive territory rights agreed to convert their
bottler’s agreements for legacy territories to a form of comprehensive beverage agreement to which we sometimes refer as
"non-expanding bottler CBA." This form of CBA has a term of 10 years and is renewable by the bottler indefinitely for
successive additional terms of 10 years each and is substantially similar in most material respects to the expanding bottler
CBA, including with respect to requirements for a binding national governance model and mandatory incidence pricing, but
includes core performance requirements that vary in certain respects from those in the expanding bottler CBA.
Certain of our bottlers continue to operate under bottler's agreements for certain Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other
cola-ﬂavored Company Trademark Beverages that include pricing formulas that generally provide for a baseline price. This
baseline price may be adjusted periodically by the Company, up to a maximum indexed ceiling price, and is adjusted quarterly
based upon changes in certain sugar or sweetener prices, as applicable. Certain other bottlers operate under our oldest form of
bottler's agreement which provides for a ﬁxed price for Coca-Cola syrup used in bottles and cans, and this price is subject to
quarterly adjustments to reﬂect changes in the quoted price of sugar. The US. unit case volume manufactured, sold and
distributed under these legacy bottler's agreements is not material.
Under the terms of the bottler's agreements, bottlers in the United States generally are not authorized to manufacture fountain
syrups. Rather, the Company manufactures and sells fountain syrups to authorized fountain wholesalers (including certain
authorized bottlers) and some fountain retailers. These wholesalers in turn sell the syrups or deliver them on our behalf to
restaurants and other retailers.
Promotions and Marketing Programs
In addition to conducting our own independent advertising and marketing activities, we may provide promotional and
marketing services and/or funds to our bottlers. In most cases, we do this on a discretionary basis under the terms of
commitment letters or agreements, even though we are not obligated to do so under the terms of the bottler's or distribution
agreements between our Company and the bottlers. Also, on a discretionary basis in most cases, our Company may develop and
introduce new products, packages and equipment to assist the bottlers. Likewise, in many instances, we provide promotional
and marketing services and/or funds and/or dispensing equipment and repair services to fountain and bottle/can retailers,
typically pursuant to marketing agreements. The aggregate amount of funds provided by our Company to bottlers, resellers or
other customers of our Company's products, principally for participation in promotional and marketing programs, was
$6.6 billion in 2016.
Investments in Bottling Operations
Most of our branded beverage products are manufactured, sold and distributed by independent bottling partners. However, from
time to time we acquire or take control of bottling operations, often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use
our resources and expertise to improve performance. Owning such a controlling interest enables us to compensate for limited
local resources; help focus the bottler's sales and marketing programs; assist in the development of the bottler's business and
information systems; and establish an appropriate capital structure for the bottler. In line with our long-term bottling strategy,
we may periodically consider options for divesting or reducing our ownership interest in a Company-owned or -controlled
bottler, typically by selling our interest in a particular bottling operation to an independent bottler to improve Coca-Cola system
efficiency. When we sell our interest in a bottling operation to one of our other bottling partners in which we have an equity
method investment, our Company continues to participate in the bottler's results of operations through our share of the equity
method investee's earnings or losses.
6