In 2014, the Company made a decision to change our process of buying and selling recyclable materials in North America. Also
during 2014, the Company transitioned our Russian juice operations to an existing joint venture with an unconsolidated bottling
partner and acquired a majority interest in bottling operations in Sri Lanka and Nepal. The impact of these changes is included
as a structural change in our analysis of net operating revenues on a consolidated basis as well as for our Bottling Investments
operating segment. Refer to the heading "Net Operating Revenues" below.
The Company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. The ownership structure
of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. When we sell
concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners, we are not able to recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate
sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party
or independent customer. When we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners, we recognize the
concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when the concentrates or syrups are sold to the bottling partner. The
subsequent sale of the finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a customer does not impact the timing
of recognizing the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume. When we account for an unconsolidated bottling partner as
an equity method investment, we eliminate the intercompany profit related to these transactions until the equity method
investee has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a third party or independent customer.
The Company is currently pursuing certain transactions that, if completed, will be included as structural changes for the
applicable periods. We intend to refranchise 100 percent of Company-owned bottling operations in the United States by the end
of 2017. The Company has entered into a definitive agreement for the sale of the Company-owned bottling operations in China
to the two existing franchise bottlers and to sell a related cost method investment to one of the franchise bottlers. The sale of the
China bottling operations and cost method investment are subject to various regulatory approvals and expected to close in the
first half of 20 17. Additionally, the Company has reached an agreement with ABI to transition its interest in CCBA and agreed
in principle to acquire ABI's interest in bottling operations in certain other countries. These transactions are subject to the
relevant regulatory and minority shareholder approvals and are expected to close by the end of 2017.
Beverage Volume
We measure the volume of Company beverage products sold in two ways: (1) unit cases of finished products and
(2) concentrate sales. As used in this report, "unit case" means a unit of measurement equal to 192 US. ﬂuid ounces of ﬁnished
beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and "unit case volume" means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of
Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers. Unit case
volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing Company trademarks. Also included in unit case volume are certain
products licensed to, or distributed by, our Company, and brands owned by Coca-Cola system bottlers for which our Company
provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. In addition, unit case volume includes sales
by certain joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest. We believe unit case volume is one of the measures of
the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The unit case volume
numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the Company from its bottling partners and distributors.
Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all instances expressed in equivalent unit cases)
sold by, or used in finished beverages sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Unit case volume and
concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. Factors such as seasonality, bottlers'
inventory practices, supply point changes, timing of price increases, new product introductions and changes in product mix can
impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate
sales volume growth rates. In addition to the items mentioned above, the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures
in which the Company has an equity interest but to which the Company does not sell concentrates or syrups may give rise to
differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates.
44