ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is involved in various legal proceedings, including the proceedings specifically discussed below. Management
believes that the total liabilities to the Company that may arise as a result of currently pending legal proceedings will not have a
material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole.
Aqua-Chem Litigation
On December 20, 2002, the Company filed a lawsuit (The Coca-Cola Company V. Aqua-Chem, Ina, Civil Action No.
2002C V63 1 -5 0) in the Superior Court of Fulton County, Georgia ("Georgia Case"), seeking a declaratory judgment that the
Company has no obligation to its former subsidiary, Aqua-Chem, Inc., now known as Cleaver—Brooks, Inc. ("Aqua-Chem"), for
any past, present or future liabilities or expenses in connection with any claims or lawsuits against Aqua-Chem. Subsequent to
the Company's filing but on the same day, Aqua-Chem filed a lawsuit (Aqua-Chem, Inc. v. The Coca-Cola Company, Civil
Action No. 02C V01 21 79) in the Circuit Court, Civil Division of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin ("Wisconsin Case"). In the
Wisconsin Case, Aqua-Chem sought a declaratory judgment that the Company is responsible for all liabilities and expenses not
covered by insurance in connection with certain of Aqua-Chem's general and product liability claims arising from occurrences
prior to the Company's sale of Aqua-Chem in 1981, and a judgment for breach of contract in an amount exceeding $9 million
for costs incurred by Aqua-Chem to date in connection with such claims. The Wisconsin Case initially was stayed, pending
ﬁnal resolution of the Georgia Case, and later was voluntarily dismissed without prejudice by Aqua-Chem.
The Company owned Aqua-Chem from 1970 to 1981. During that time, the Company purchased over $400 million of
insurance coverage, which also insures Aqua-Chem for some of its prior and future costs for certain product liability and other
claims. The Company sold Aqua-Chem to Lyonnaise American Holding, Inc., in 1981 under the terms of a stock sale
agreement. The 1981 agreement, and a subsequent 1983 settlement agreement, outlined the parties’ rights and obligations
concerning past and future claims and lawsuits involving Aqua-Chem. Cleaver-Brooks, a division of Aqua-Chem,
manufactured boilers, some of which contained asbestos gaskets. Aqua-Chem was first named as a defendant in asbestos
lawsuits in or around 1985 and currently has approximately 40,000 active claims pending against it.
The parties agreed in 2004 to stay the Georgia Case pending the outcome of insurance coverage litigation filed by certain Aqua-
Chem insurers on March 26, 2004. In the coverage action, five plaintiff insurance companies filed suit (Century Indemnity
Company, et al. v. Aqua-Chem, Inc, The Coca-Cola Company, et al., Case No. 04C V002852) in the Circuit Court, Civil
Division of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, against the Company, Aqua-Chem and 16 insurance companies. Several of the
policies that were the subject of the coverage action had been issued to the Company during the period (1970 to 1981) when the
Company owned Aqua-Chem. The complaint sought a determination of the respective rights and obligations under the
insurance policies issued with regard to asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem. The action also sought a monetary
judgment reimbursing any amounts paid by the plaintiffs in excess of their obligations. Two of the insurers, one with a
$15 million policy limit and one with a $25 million policy limit, asserted cross-claims against the Company, alleging that the
Company and/or its insurers are responsible for Aqua-Chem's asbestos liabilities before any obligation is triggered on the part
of the cross-claimant insurers to pay for such costs under their policies.
Aqua-Chem and the Company filed and obtained a partial summary judgment determination in the coverage action that the
insurers for Aqua-Chem and the Company were jointly and severally liable for coverage amounts, but reserving judgment on
other defenses that might apply. During the course of the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation, Aqua-Chem and the
Company reached settlements with several of the insurers, including plaintiﬁs, who paid funds into escrow accounts for
payment of costs arising from the asbestos claims against Aqua-Chem. On July 24, 2007, the Wisconsin trial court entered a
ﬁnal declaratory judgment regarding the rights and obligations of the parties under the insurance policies issued by the
remaining defendant insurers, which judgment was not appealed. The judgment directs, among other things, that each insurer
whose policy is triggered is jointly and severally liable for 100 percent of Aqua-Chem's losses up to policy limits. The court's
judgment concluded the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation.
The Company and Aqua-Chem continued to pursue and obtain coverage agreements for the asbestos-related claims against
Aqua-Chem with those insurance companies that did not settle in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. The Company
anticipated that a final settlement with three of those insurers ("Chartis insurers") would be finalized in May 2011, but the
Chartis insurers repudiated their settlement commitments and, as a result, Aqua-Chem and the Company filed suit against them
in Wisconsin state court to enforce the coverage-in—place settlement or, in the alternative, to obtain a declaratory judgment
validating Aqua-Chem and the Company's interpretation of the court's judgment in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation.
22