As of December 31, 2016, the projected benefit obligation of the US. qualified pension plans was $6,531 million, and the fair
value of the related plan assets was $6,061 million. The projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the US.
qualified pension plans was $2,897 million, and the fair value of the related plan assets was $2,310 million. The majority of this
underfunding is attributable to an international pension plan for certain non-US. employees that is unfunded due to tax law
restrictions, as well as certain unfunded U.S. nonqualified pension plans. These U.S. nonqualified pension plans provide, for
certain associates, benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table
above. However, we anticipate annual benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans to be $69 million in 2017, increasing
to $76 million by 2024 and then decreasing annually thereafter. Refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.
The Company expects to contribute $106 million in 2017 to our global pension plans, the majority of which will be allocated to
our international plans. Refer to Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We did not include our estimated
contributions to our various plans in the table above.
In general, we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however, we do use commercial insurance
above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company's risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company's self-insured
losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions, adjusted for our
specific expectations based on our claim history. As of December 31, 2016, our self-insurance reserves totaled $527 million.
Refer to Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We did not include estimated payments related to our self-
insurance reserves in the table above.
Deferred income tax liabilities as of December 31, 2016 were $4,445 million. Refer to Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements. This amount is not included in the total contractual obligations table because we believe that presentation
would not be meaningful. Deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary diﬁerences between the tax bases
of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases, which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities
are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. The results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with
the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. As a result, scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments
due by period could be misleading, because this scheduling would not relate to liquidity needs.
Additionally, as of December 31, 2016, the Company had entered into agreements related to the following future investing
activities which are not included in the table above:
Under the terms of the agreement for our investment in CHI Limited, the Company is obligated to acquire the remaining
ownership interest from the existing shareowners in 2019 based on an agreed-upon formula.
Under the terms of agreements with certain of our unconsolidated bottling partners in the United States, the Company is
obligated to make payments to each of these bottlers upon the conversion of their bottling agreements to a comprehensive
beverage agreement with additional requirements. We currently expect these conversions to occur during 2017.
The Company and ABI have reached an agreement regarding the transition of ABI's stake in CCBA for an equity value of
$3,150 million, after customary adjustments. The Company has also agreed in principle to acquire ABI's interest in bottling
operations in Zambia, Zimbabwe, Botswana, Swaziland, Lesotho, El Salvador and Honduras. The Company will negotiate the
terms of this transaction with ABI according to the contractual parameters. The transactions are subject to the relevant
regulatory and minority approvals and are expected to close by the end of 2017.
Refer to Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these agreements.
66