PART IV
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1 . Financial Statements:
Consolidated Statements of Income — Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income — Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Consolidated Balance Sheets — December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows — Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Consolidated Statements of Shareowners' Equity — Years Ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting F irm.
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.
2. Financial Statement Schedules:
The schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and,
therefore, have been omitted.
3. Exhibits
In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this report, please remember they are included to provide
you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure
information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain
representations, warranties, covenants and conditions by or of each of the parties to the applicable agreement.
These representations, warranties, covenants and conditions have been made solely for the benefit of the
other parties to the applicable agreement and:
° should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating
the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate;
- may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the
negotiation of the applicable agreement, which disclosures are not necessarily reﬂected in the
agreement;
- may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to
you or other investors; and
° were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be
specified in the agreement and are subject to more recent developments.
Accordingly, these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date
they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in
this report and the Company's other public filings, which are available without charge through the SEC's
website at http://www.sec. gov.
148