If we do not successfully manage our refranchising activities, our business and results of operations could be adversely
affected
As part of our strategic initiative to refocus on our core business of building brands and leading our system of bottling partners,
we are refranchising Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations in North America and China. In addition, in December
2016, we announced that we reached an agreement regarding the transition of Anheuser-Busch InBev’s ("ABI") controlling
interest in Coca-Cola Beverages Africa Proprietary Limited ("CCBA") and our intention to hold CCBA’S territories temporarily
until they can be refranchised to other partners. For more information regarding this transaction, refer to Note 2 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this report.
Our refranchising activities require significant attention and eﬁort on the part of, and therefore may become a distraction for,
senior management. In addition, in connection with refranchising transactions in North America, we recorded, and we expect
will continue to record, losses primarily related to the derecognition of intangible assets transferred or that will be transferred to
bottling partners. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete refranchising transactions on our expected timetable
and on terms and conditions favorable to us; that our refranchising bottling or joint venture partners will be eﬁicient and
aligned with our long-term vision for the Coca-Cola system; or that we will be able to maintain good relationships with the
refranchised bottling operations. If we are unable to complete contemplated refranchising transactions timely, on favorable
terms and with partners who share our long-term vision for the Coca-Cola system, our business and results of operations could
be adversely affected.
If we do not realize the economic beneﬁts we anticipate from our productivity initiatives or are unable to successfully
manage their possible negative consequences, our business operations could be adversely ajfected
We believe that improved productivity is essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and, therefore, a leading
priority of our Company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business model possible. For information
regarding our productivity initiatives, refer to the heading "Operations Review — Other Operating Charges — Productivity and
Reinvestment Program" set forth in Part II, "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations" of this report. We have incurred, and we expect will continue to incur, significant costs and expenses with the
programs and activities associated with our productivity initiatives. If we are unable to implement some or all of these actions
fully or in the envisioned timeframe, or we otherwise do not timely capture the eﬁiciencies, cost savings and revenue growth
opportunities we anticipate from these actions, our results of operations for future periods could be negatively aﬁected. In
addition, some of the actions we are taking in furtherance of our productivity initiatives may become a distraction for our
managers and employees and may disrupt our ongoing business operations; cause deterioration in employee morale which may
make it more difficult for us to retain or attract qualified managers and employees; disrupt or weaken the internal control
structures of the affected business operations; and give rise to negative publicity which could affect our corporate reputation. If
we are unable to successfully manage the possible negative consequences of our productivity initiatives, our business
operations could be adversely affected.
If we fail to realize a significant portion of the anticipated beneﬁts of our strategic relationship with Monster, our financial
performance could be adversely affected
In August 2014, we entered into definitive agreements with Monster for a long-term strategic relationship in the global energy
drink category, and upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by the agreements in June 2015 we purchased newly
issued shares representing approximately 17 percent of Monster’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (after giving
effect to the issuance). (For more information regarding our agreements with Monster and related transactions, refer to Note 2
of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part II, "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of
this report.) If we are unable to successfully manage our complex relationship with Monster, or if for any other reason we fail
to realize all or a significant part of the benefits we expect from this strategic relationship and the related investment, our
ﬁnancial performance could be adversely affected.
If we are unable to attract or retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, our business could be negatively affected
The success of our business depends on our ability to attract, train, develop and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce.
We may not be able to successfully compete for and attract the high-quality and diverse employee talent we want and our future
business needs may require. Changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more diﬁicult for us to recruit or
relocate highly skilled technical, professional and management personnel to meet our business needs. In addition, the
unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled associates due to insecurity resulting from our ongoing productivity
initiatives, refranchising transactions and organizational changes could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our
competitiveness. Any of the foregoing could have a negative impact on our business.
20