- Coca-Cola HBC AG ("Coca-Cola Hellenic"), which has bottling and distribution operations in Armenia, Austria,
Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, the Former Yugoslav
Republic of Macedonia, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, Northern Ireland,
Poland, Republic of Ireland, Romania, the Russian Federation, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Switzerland and Ukraine;
- Arca Continental, S.A.B. de CV, which has bottling and distribution operations in northern and western Mexico,
northern Argentina, Ecuador and Peru; and
- Coca-Cola Icecek A.S. ("Coca-Cola Icecek"), which has bottling and distribution operations in Azerbaijan, Iraq,
Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkey and Turkmenistan and distribution operations in Syria.
In 2016, these five bottling partners combined represented 39 percent of our total unit case volume.
Being a bottler does not create a legal partnership or joint venture between us and our bottlers. Our bottlers are independent
contractors and are not our agents.
Bottler 's Agreements
We have separate contracts, to which we generally refer as "bottler's agreements," with our bottling partners regarding the
manufacture and sale of Company products. Subject to specified terms and conditions and certain variations, the bottler’s
agreements generally authorize the bottlers to prepare specified Company Trademark Beverages, to package the same in
authorized containers, and to distribute and sell the same in (but, subject to applicable local law, generally only in) an identified
territory. The bottler is obligated to purchase its entire requirement of concentrates or syrups for the designated Company
Trademark Beverages from the Company or Company-authorized suppliers. We typically agree to refrain from selling or
distributing, or from authorizing third parties to sell or distribute, the designated Company Trademark Beverages throughout
the identified territory in the particular authorized containers; however, we typically reserve for ourselves or our designee the
right (1) to prepare and package such Company Trademark Beverages in such containers in the territory for sale outside the
territory, (2) to prepare, package, distribute and sell such Company Trademark Beverages in the territory in any other manner or
form (territorial restrictions on bottlers vary in some cases in accordance with local law), and (3) to handle certain key accounts
(accounts that cover multiple territories).
While under most of our bottler's agreements we generally have complete ﬂexibility to determine the price and other terms of
sale of the concentrates and syrups we sell to our bottlers, as a practical matter, our Company's ability to exercise its contractual
ﬂexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of concentrates and syrups is subject, both outside and within the
United States, to competitive market conditions. In addition, in some instances we have agreed or may in the future agree with
a bottler with respect to concentrate pricing on a prospective basis for specified time periods. Also, in some markets, in an
effort to allow our Company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value, aligned incentives and the
ﬂexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes, we worked with our bottling partners to develop and
implement an incidence-based pricing model for sparkling and still beverages. Under this model, the concentrate price we
charge is impacted by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, bottler pricing, the channels in which the finished
products are sold and package mix.
As further discussed below, our bottler's agreements for territories outside the United States differ in some respects from our
bottler's agreements for territories within the United States.
Bottler's Agreements Outside the United States
Bottler's agreements between us and our authorized bottlers outside the United States generally are of stated duration, subject in
some cases to possible extensions or renewals. Generally, these bottler's agreements are subject to termination by the Company
following the occurrence of certain designated events, including defined events of default and certain changes in ownership or
control of the bottlers. Most of the bottler's agreements in force between us and bottlers outside the United States authorize the
bottlers to manufacture and distribute fountain syrups, usually on a nonexclusive basis.
In certain parts of the world outside the United States, we have not granted comprehensive beverage production rights to the
bottlers. In such instances, we or our authorized suppliers sell Company Trademark Beverages to the bottlers for sale and
distribution throughout the designated territory, often on a nonexclusive basis.
Bottler's Agreements Within the United States
During the year ended December 31, 2016, our Company-owned operations manufactured, sold and distributed 75 percent of
our US. unit case volume. The discussion below relates to bottler's agreements for territories in the United States that are not
covered by Company-owned operations.
In the United States, most bottler’s agreements are of stated duration, subject in most cases to renewal rights of bottlers and in
some cases to renewal rights of the Company. Certain bottler's agreements for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-
ﬂavored beverages have no stated expiration date. The bottler's agreements in the United States are subject to termination by
5