reduction of income tax expense. The Company believes it will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax
benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheet.
The Company does not record a US. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments
in foreign corporations to the extent that the basis diﬁerence results from earnings that meet the indefinite reversal criteria.
These criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested, or will invest, the undistributed earnings indefinitely. The decision
as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the Company intends to maintain in non-US. subsidiaries takes into account
items including, but not limited to, forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital, liquidity plans, capital
improvement programs, merger and acquisition plans, and planned loans to other non-US. subsidiaries. The Company also
evaluates its expected cash requirements in the United States. Other factors that can inﬂuence that determination are local
restrictions on remittances (for example, in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the
Company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend), economic stability and asset risk. As of December 31, 2016,
undistributed earnings of the Company's foreign subsidiaries that met the indeﬁnite reversal criteria amounted to $35.5 billion.
Refer to Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's effective tax rate is expected to be 24.0 percent in 2017. This estimated tax rate does not reﬂect the impact of
any unusual or special items that may affect our tax rate in 2017.
Operations Review
Our organizational structure as of December 31, 2016 consists of the following operating segments: Europe, Middle East and
Africa; Latin America; North America; Asia Pacific; Bottling Investments; and Corporate. For further information regarding
our operating segments refer to Note 19 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and Newly Licensed Brands
In order to continually improve upon the Company's operating performance, from time to time, we engage in buying and
selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. In addition, we also acquire brands or enter
into license agreements for certain brands to supplement our beverage offerings. These items impact our operating results and
certain key metrics used by management in assessing the Company's performance.
Unit case volume growth is a metric used by management to evaluate the Company's performance because it measures demand
for our products at the consumer level. The Company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case
equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers
and, therefore, reﬂects unit case volume for both consolidated and unconsolidated bottlers. Refer to the heading "Beverage
Volume" below.
Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases)
sold by, or used in finished products sold by, the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Refer to the heading
"Beverage Volume" below.
Our Bottling Investments operating segment and our other finished product operations typically generate net operating
revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages, such as juices and juice drinks and sports drinks,
ready-to-drink teas and coffees, and certain water products, to retailers or to distributors, wholesalers and bottling partners who
distribute them to retailers. In addition, in the United States, we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers
such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption, or to
authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. For these consolidated
ﬁnished product operations, we recognize the associated concentrate sales volume at the time the unit case or unit case
equivalent is sold to the customer. Our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates
and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations. For these concentrate operations, we recognize concentrate revenue
and concentrate sales volume when we sell concentrate to the authorized unconsolidated bottling and canning operations, and
we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates and syrups are sold to the
customer. When we analyze our net operating revenues we generally consider the following four factors: (1) volume growth
(concentrate sales volume or unit case volume, as appropriate), (2) acquisitions and divestitures (including structural changes
defined below), as applicable, (3) changes in price, product and geographic mix and (4) foreign currency ﬂuctuations. Refer to
the heading "Net Operating Revenues" below.
42