operation within our Bottling Investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting
unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
The goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process, if necessary. The first step is to compare the fair value of a
reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We typically use discounted cash ﬂow models to determine the fair
value of a reporting unit. The assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe hypothetical marketplace
participants would use. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the second step of the impairment
test must be performed in order to determine the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step compares the implied fair
value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit's
goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The loss
recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill.
The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the two-step process to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including
goodwill and other intangible assets. If the Company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the two-step process.
Otherwise, the Company will forego the two-step process and does not need to perform any further testing.
Impairment charges related to intangible assets, including goodwill, are generally recorded in the line item other operating
charges or, to the extent they relate to equity method investees, in the line item equity income (loss) — net in our consolidated
statements of income.
Contingencies
Our Company is involved in various legal proceedings and tax matters. Due to their nature, such legal proceedings and tax
matters involve inherent uncertainties including, but not limited to, court rulings, negotiations between aﬁected parties and
governmental actions. Management assesses the probability of loss for such contingencies and accrues a liability and/or
discloses the relevant circumstances, as appropriate. Refer to Note 11.
Stock-Based Compensation
Our Company sponsors equity plans that provide for the grant of awards including stock options, restricted stock units,
restricted stock and performance share units. The fair value of our stock option grants is estimated on the grant date using a
Black-Scholes—Merton option-pricing model. The Company recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
period the grant is earned by the employee, generally four years.
The fair value of our restricted stock units, restricted stock and certain performance share units is the quoted market value of
the Company's stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the relevant period.
For most performance share units granted beginning in 2014, the Company includes a relative total shareowner return ("TSR")
modifier to determine the number of shares earned at the end of the performance period. For these awards, the number of shares
earned based on the certified achievement of the predefined performance criteria will be reduced or increased if the Company's
total shareowner return over the performance period relative to a predefined compensation comparator group of companies falls
outside of a defined range. The fair value of performance share units that include the TSR modifier is determined using a
Monte Carlo valuation model.
In the period it becomes probable that the minimum performance criteria specified in the performance share award will be
achieved, we recognize expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the award related to the vesting period that
has already lapsed. The remaining fair value of the award is expensed on a straight-line basis over the balance of the vesting
period. In the event the Company determines it is no longer probable that we will achieve the minimum performance criteria
specified in the award, we reverse all of the previously recognized compensation expense in the period such a determination is
made. Refer to Note 12.
Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering
substantially all US. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified, unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates
and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the United States. In addition, our Company and its subsidiaries have
various pension plans and other forms of postretirement arrangements outside the United States. Refer to Note 13.
Income Taxes
Income tax expense includes US, state, local and international income taxes, plus a provision for US. taxes on undistributed
earnings of foreign subsidiaries not deemed to be indefinitely reinvested. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for
the tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax basis of existing assets and
liabilities. The tax rate used to determine the deferred tax assets and liabilities is the enacted tax rate for the year and manner in
84