Maturities of long-term debt for the five years succeeding December 31, 2016, are as follows (in millions):
Maturities of
, Long-Term Debt 7
2017 $ 3,527
201 8 3,301
2019 3,241
2020 4,302
2021 2,318 7
NOTE 11: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Guarantees
As of December 31, 2016, we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $587 million, of
which $247 million was related to VIEs. Refer to Note 1 for additional information related to the Company's maximum
exposure to loss due to our involvement with VIEs. Our guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers, bottlers,
vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. These guarantees have
various terms, and none of these guarantees was individually significant. The amount represents the maximum potential future
payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however, we do not consider it probable that we will be
required to satisfy these guarantees.
We believe our exposure to concentrations of credit risk is limited due to the diverse geographic areas covered by our
operations.
Legal Contingencies
The Company is involved in various legal proceedings. We establish reserves for specific legal proceedings when we determine
that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Management has
also identified certain other legal matters where we believe an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible and/or for which no
estimate of possible losses can be made. Management believes that the total liabilities to the Company that may arise as a result
of currently pending legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole.
Indemnifications
At the time we acquire or divest our interest in an entity, we sometimes agree to indemnify the seller or buyer for specific
contingent liabilities. Management believes that any liability to the Company that may arise as a result of any such
indemnification agreements will not have a material adverse effect on the Company taken as a whole.
Tax Audits
The Company is involved in various tax matters, with respect to some of which the outcome is uncertain. These audits may
result in the assessment of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with authorities or potentially through the courts.
Refer to Note 14.
On September 17, 2015, the Company received a Statutory Notice of Deficiency ("Notice") from the Internal Revenue Service
("IRS") for the tax years 2007 through 2009, after a five-year audit. In the Notice, the IRS claims that the Company's United
States taxable income should be increased by an amount that creates a potential additional federal income tax liability of
approximately $3.3 billion for the period, plus interest. No penalties were asserted in the Notice. The disputed amounts largely
relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the Company should report in the United
States in connection with its licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign licensees regarding the manufacturing,
distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in overseas markets.
108