ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Our Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily to reduce our exposure to adverse ﬂuctuations in foreign currency
exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and other market risks. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments
for trading purposes. As a matter of policy, all of our derivative positions are used to reduce risk by hedging an underlying
economic exposure. Because of the high correlation between the hedging instrument and the underlying exposure, ﬂuctuations
in the value of the instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying exposure. The Company
generally hedges anticipated exposures up to 36 months in advance; however, the majority of our derivative instruments expire
within 24 months or less. Virtually all of our derivatives are straightforward over-the-counter instruments with liquid markets.
We monitor our exposure to financial market risks using several objective measurement systems, including a sensitivity
analysis to measure our exposure to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and commodity prices. Refer
to Note 5 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our hedging transactions and
derivative financial instruments.
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
We manage most of our foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis, which allows us to net certain exposures and take
advantage of any natural offsets. In 2016, we used 73 functional currencies and generated $21,964 million of our net operating
revenues from operations outside the United States; therefore, weaknesses in some currencies might be oﬁset by strengths in
other currencies over time. We use derivative financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to foreign currency
ﬂuctuations.
Our Company enters into forward exchange contracts and purchases currency options (principally euros and Japanese yen) and
collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash ﬂows denominated in foreign currencies. Additionally, we enter into
forward exchange contracts to offset the earnings impact related to foreign currency ﬂuctuations on certain monetary assets and
liabilities. We also enter into forward exchange contracts as hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
The total notional values of our foreign currency derivatives were $14,464 million and $18,060 million as of December 31,
2016 and 2015, respectively. These values include derivative instruments that are designated and qualify for hedge accounting
as well as economic hedges. The fair value of the contracts that qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of
$366 million as of December 31, 2016. At the end of 20 16, we estimate that a 10 percent weakening of the US. dollar would
have eliminated the net unrealized gain and created a net unrealized loss of $364 million. The fair value of the contracts that do
not qualify for hedge accounting resulted in a net unrealized gain of $208 million, and we estimate that a 10 percent weakening
of the US. dollar would have increased the net unrealized gain to $244 million.
Interest Rates
The Company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. We monitor our mix of
ﬁxed-rate and variable-rate debt as well as our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt. From time to time, we enter into
interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to interest rate ﬂuctuations.
Based on the Company's variable-rate debt and derivative instruments outstanding as of December 31, 2016, we estimate that a
1 percentage point increase in interest rates would have increased interest expense by $227 million in 2016. However, this
increase in interest expense would have been partially offset by the increase in interest income related to higher interest rates.
The Company is subject to interest rate risk related to its investments in highly liquid securities. These investments are
primarily managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company's investment policy. Our policy requires
investments to be investment grade, with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. In addition,
our policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. We estimate that a 1 percentage point increase in interest rates
would result in a $71 million decrease in the fair value of our portfolio of highly liquid securities.
70