Goodwill, Trademarks and Other Intangible Assets
Intangible assets are classified into one of three categories: (1) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization,
(2) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (3) goodwill. For intangible assets with definite lives,
tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For
intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill, tests for impairment must be performed at least annually, or more
frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired.
The following table presents the carrying values of intangible assets included in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
Percentage
Carrying of Total
iDecember 31, 2016 Value Assets 7
Goodwill $ 10,629 12%
Trademarks with indeﬁnite lives 6,097 7
Bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives 3,676 4
Definite-lived intangible assets, net 5 98 1
Other intangible assets not subject to amortization 128 * 7
Total $ 21,128 24%?
* Accounts for less than 1 percent of the Company's total assets.
When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable,
management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross
profit and cash ﬂows. These estimated future cash ﬂows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of
the expected future cash ﬂows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset or asset
group, we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds
the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets, including discounted cash ﬂow
models, which are consistent with the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use.
We test intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives, including trademarks, franchise rights and goodwill, for
impairment annually, or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired. Our Company
performs these annual impairment reviews as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. We use a variety of methodologies in
conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets, including, but not limited to, discounted cash ﬂow
models, which are based on the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. For indefinite-lived
intangible assets, other than goodwill, if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an
amount equal to that excess. The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite—lived intangible
assets, other than goodwill, rather than completing the impairment test. The Company must assess whether it is more likely
than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that this is the
case, it must perform the testing described above. Otherwise, the Company does not need to perform any further assessment.
We perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level, which is one level below our operating segments. Our
operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility, which is consistent with the way management runs our
business. Our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as
"business units." These business units are also our reporting units. The Bottling Investments operating segment includes all
Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations, regardless of geographic location, including CCR's bottling and
associated supply chain operations in the United States and Canada. Generally, each Company-owned or consolidated bottling
operation within our Bottling Investments operating segment is its own reporting unit. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting
unit or units that benefit from the synergies arising from each business combination.
The goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process, if necessary. The first step is to compare the fair value of a
reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. We typically use discounted cash ﬂow models to determine the fair
value of a reporting unit. The assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe hypothetical marketplace
participants would use. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the second step of the impairment
test must be performed in order to determine the amount of impairment loss, if any. The second step compares the implied fair
value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit's
goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment charge is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. The loss
recognized cannot exceed the carrying amount of goodwill.
38