NOTE 5: HEDGING TRANSACTIONS AND DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions
may adversely impact the Company's financial performance and are referred to as "market risks." When deemed appropriate,
our Company uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary
market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative and non-derivative financial instruments are foreign
currency exchange rate risk, commodity price risk and interest rate risk.
The Company uses various types of derivative instruments including, but not limited to, forward contracts, commodity futures
contracts, option contracts, collars and swaps. Forward contracts and commodity futures contracts are agreements to buy or sell
a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined future date, and at a predetermined rate or price. An option contract
is an agreement that conveys the purchaser the right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or
commodity at a predetermined rate or price during a period or at a time in the future. A collar is a strategy that uses a
combination of options to limit the range of possible positive or negative returns on an underlying asset or liability to a specific
range, or to protect expected future cash ﬂows. To do this, an investor simultaneously buys a put option and sells (writes) a call
option, or alternatively buys a call option and sells (writes) a put option. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to
exchange cash ﬂows based on specified underlying notional amounts, assets and/or indices. We do not enter into derivative
ﬁnancial instruments for trading purposes. The Company may also designate certain non-derivative instruments, such as our
foreign-denominated debt, in hedging relationships.
All derivatives are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets in the following line items, as applicable: prepaid
expenses and other assets; other assets; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and other liabilities. The carrying values of the
derivatives reﬂect the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same
counterparties, as applicable. These master netting agreements allow the Company to net settle positive and negative positions
(assets and liabilities) arising from different transactions with the same counterparty.
The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the
derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the type of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be
designated as fair value hedges, cash ﬂow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair
values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in
our consolidated statement of income as the changes in the fair values of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged.
The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash ﬂow hedges or hedges of net
investments in foreign operations are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our consolidated statement of
income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items aﬁect earnings. Due to the high degree of
effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures being hedged, ﬂuctuations in the value of the
derivative instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or cash ﬂows of the underlying exposures being
hedged. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that were not designated and/or did not qualify as hedging instruments are
immediately recognized into earnings.
For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments, the Company formally designates and documents, at
inception, the financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure, the risk management objective and the strategy
for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition, the Company formally assesses, both at the inception and at least quarterly
thereafter, whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are effective at offsetting changes in either the fair
values or cash ﬂows of the related underlying exposures. Any ineffective portion of a financial instrument's change in fair value
is immediately recognized into earnings.
The Company determines the fair values of its derivatives based on quoted market prices or pricing models using current
market rates. Refer to Note 16. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent
amounts exchanged by the parties and, therefore, are not a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described
above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives, such
as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, commodity rates or other financial indices. The Company does not view the
fair values of its derivatives in isolation but rather in relation to the fair values or cash ﬂows of the underlying hedged
transactions or other exposures. Virtually all of our derivatives are straightforward over-the-counter instruments with liquid
markets.
96