Global or regional catastrophic events, including terrorist acts, cyber-strikes and radiological attacks, could impact our
operations and financial results.
Because of our global presence and worldwide operations, our business can be aﬁected by large-scale terrorist acts, cyber-
strikes and radiological attacks, especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized countries; the
outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases. Such events
could impair our ability to manage our business around the world, could disrupt our supply of raw materials and ingredients,
and could impact production, transportation and delivery of concentrates, syrups and finished products. In addition, such events
could cause disruption of regional or global economic activity, which can affect consumers' purchasing power in the affected
areas and, therefore, reduce demand for our products.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
Our worldwide headquarters is located on a 35-acre oﬁice complex in Atlanta, Georgia. The complex includes our 621,000
square foot headquarters building and an 870,000 square foot building in which both our North America group's and CCR's
main offices are located. The complex also includes several other buildings, including our 264,000 square foot Coca-Cola Plaza
building, technical and engineering facilities and a reception center. We also own an office and retail building at 711 Fifth
Avenue in New York, New York. These properties, except for the North America group’s main offices, are included in the
Corporate operating segment.
We own or lease additional facilities, real estate and oﬁice space throughout the world which we use for administrative,
manufacturing, processing, packaging, storage, warehousing, distribution and retail operations. These properties are generally
included in the geographic operating segment in which they are located.
The following table summarizes our principal production, distribution and storage facilities by operating segment as of
December 31, 2016:
Principal Concentrate and/or Principal Beverage Distribution and Storage
7 Syrup Plants 7 iManufacturing/Bottling Plants 7 7 Warehouses 7
7 Owned 7 7 Leased 7 7 Owned 7 7 Leased 7 7 Owned 7 7 Leased 7
Europe, Middle East & Africa 6 — — — — —
Latin America 5 — — — 1 7
North America 1 1 — 9 1 — 35
Asia Pacific 6 — — — 1 —
Bottling Investments — — 88 8 154 163
Corporate 4 — — — — 10 7
Total 32 — 97 9 156 215 7
Management believes that our Company's facilities for the production of our products are suitable and adequate, that they are
being appropriately utilized in line with past experience, and that they have suﬁicient production capacity for their present
intended purposes. The extent of utilization of such facilities varies based upon seasonal demand for our products. However,
management believes that additional production can be achieved at the existing facilities by adding personnel and capital
equipment and, at some facilities, by adding shifts of personnel or expanding the facilities. We continuously review our
anticipated requirements for facilities and, on the basis of that review, may from time to time acquire or lease additional
facilities and/or dispose of existing facilities.
21