Securities Exchange Act Reports
The Company maintains a website at the following address: www.coca-colacompany.com. The information on the Company's
website is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form lO-K.
We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the
Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
("Exchange Act"). These include our Annual Reports on Form lO-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form lO-Q and our Current
Reports on Form 8—K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after
we electronically file the information with, or furnish it to, the SEC.
ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS
In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, which could
materially affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not
the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also
may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations in future periods.
Obesity and other health-related concerns may reduce demand for some of our products.
There is growing concern among consumers, public health professionals and government agencies about the health problems
associated with obesity. Increasing public concern about obesity; other health-related public concerns surrounding consumption
of sugar-sweetened beverages; possible new or increased taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages by government entities to reduce
consumption or to raise revenue; additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing, labeling, packaging or sale of
our sugar-sweetened beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other
companies in our industry relating to the marketing, labeling or sale of sugar-sweetened beverages may reduce demand for or
increase the cost of our sugar-sweetened beverages, which could adversely affect our profitability.
Water scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact the Coca-Cola system 's costs and capacity.
Water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products, is vital to the production of the agricultural ingredients on which
our business relies and is needed in our manufacturing process. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve.
Water is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing
demand for food and other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing
pollution, poor management and the eﬁects of climate change. As the demand for water continues to increase around the world,
and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, the Coca-Cola system may incur higher costs or
face capacity constraints that could adversely aﬁect our profitability or net operating revenues in the long run.
If we do not address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer:
Consumer preferences have evolved and continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, health, wellness and nutrition
considerations, especially the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients and obesity concerns; shifting consumer
demographics, including aging populations; changes in consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; location of
origin or source of products and ingredients; and competitive product and pricing pressures. If we fail to address these changes,
or do not successfully anticipate future changes in consumer preferences, our share of sales, volume growth and overall
ﬁnancial results could be negatively aﬁected.
Increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace could hurt our business.
The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with major
international beverage companies that, like our Company, operate in multiple geographic areas, as well as numerous companies
that are primarily regional or local in operation. In many countries in which we do business, including the United States,
PepsiCo is a primary competitor. Other significant competitors include, but are not limited to, Nestle, DPSG, Groupe Danone,
Mondelez, Kraft, Suntory and Unilever. In certain markets, our competition also includes major beer companies that also
distribute nonalcoholic beverages. Our beverage products also compete against private label brands developed by retailers,
some of which are Coca-Cola system customers. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various
local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. If we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in
marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable
categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry, our business could be negatively
affected.
10