The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill rather than completing the two-step process to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including
goodwill and other intangible assets. If the Company concludes that this is the case, it must perform the two-step process.
Otherwise, the Company will forego the two-step process and does not need to perform any further testing. As of December 31,
2016, we did not have any reporting unit with a material amount of goodwill for which it is reasonably likely that it will fail
step one of a goodwill impairment test in the near term.
Intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment, primarily due to the fact that they
are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition.
Consequently, if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition, it could result in
the impairment of the acquired assets. A deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the
estimated operating cash ﬂows used in our cash ﬂow models but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our
analyses, including, but not limited to, the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. Additionally, as discussed above, in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, we are required to ensure that assumptions used
to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. As
a result, the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and
trends, regardless of whether our Company's actual cost of capital has changed. Therefore, if the cost of capital and/or discount
rates change, our Company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash ﬂows that are
approximately equal to, or greater than, our previously forecasted amounts.
During 2016, the Company recorded charges of $153 million related to certain intangible assets. These charges included
$143 million related to the impairment of certain U.S. bottlers' franchise rights, primarily as a result of lower operating
performance compared to previously modeled results as well as a revision in management's view of the proceeds that may be
ultimately received upon refranchising the territory. The remaining charge of $10 million was related to the impairment of
goodwill and resulted from management's revised outlook on market conditions. These impairment charges were recorded in
our Bottling Investments operating segment in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income
and were determined by comparing the fair value of the intangible assets, derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, to their
respective carrying values.
During 2015, the Company recorded a charge of $55 million related to the impairment of a Venezuelan trademark. The
Venezuelan trademark impairment was due to the Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local
currency. In 2015, the Company also closed a transaction with Monster. Under the terms of the transaction, the Company was
required to discontinue selling energy products under one of the trademarks included in the glacéau portfolio. During the year
ended December 31, 2015, the Company recognized impairment charges of $418 million, primarily as a result of discontinuing
these products. The charges for the impairment of these trademarks were recorded in our Corporate operating segment in the
line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income and were determined by comparing the fair value of
the trademarks, derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, to the respective carrying values.
The Company did not record any significant impairment charges related to intangible assets during the year ended December
31,2014.
The total combined fair value of the various trademarks in the glacéau portfolio significantly exceeds the remaining combined
carrying value of $2.9 billion as of December 31, 2016. However, the fair value of the individual trademark that was the subject
of the impairment charges discussed above only slightly exceeds its carrying value. If the future operating results of this
trademark do not support the current near-term financial projections, or if macroeconomic conditions change causing the cost
of capital and/ or discount rate to increase without an offsetting increase in the operating results, it is likely that we would be
required to recognize an additional impairment charge related to this trademark.
Pension Plan Valuations
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering
substantially all US. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified, unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates
and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the United States. In addition, our Company and its subsidiaries have
various pension plans and other forms of postretirement arrangements outside the United States.
39