the most appropriate legally available rate and remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a
charge of $27 million recorded in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
We also have certain US. dollar denominated intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. As a result of the
Company's revised expectations regarding the convertibility of the local currency, we recognized impairment charges of
$55 million and $18 million during the years ended December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively. These charges
were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statement of income.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Venezuelan government devalued its currency and changed its official and most
preferential exchange rate, which should be used for purchases of certain essential goods, to 10 bolivars per US. dollar from
6.3. The official and most preferential rate is now known as DIPRO and the SICAD rate has been eliminated. The Venezuelan
government replaced the SIMADI rate with the DICOM rate, which is allowed to ﬂoat freely and is expected to ﬂuctuate based
on supply and demand. As a result, management determined that the DICOM rate was the most appropriate legally available
rate to remeasure the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary.
In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net monetary assets, we also sell
concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in US. dollars. During
the years ended December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, as a result of the continued lack of liquidity
and our revised assessment of the US. dollar value we expect to realize upon the conversion of Venezuelan bolivars into US.
dollars by our bottling partner to pay our concentrate sales receivables, we recorded write-downs of $76 million, $56 million
and $296 million, respectively. These write-downs were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated
statements of income.
As of December 31, 2016, the combined carrying value of the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, the receivables
from our bottling partner in Venezuela and the intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela was $84 million.
The Company's ability to pay dividends from Venezuela is restricted due to the low volume of US. dollars available for
conversion. As a result of the ﬂoating DICOM rate, the Company expects to continue to record losses on foreign currency
exchange, may incur additional write-downs of receivables or impairment charges and will continue to record our proportionate
share of any charges recorded by our equity method investee that has operations in Venezuela.
Recently Issued Accounting Guidance
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09,
Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in US. GAAP and is
intended to improve and converge with international standards the financial reporting requirements for revenue from contracts
with customers. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is that an entity should recognize revenue for the transfer of goods or
services equal to the amount that it expects to be entitled to receive for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 also requires
additional disclosures about the nature, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash ﬂows arising from customer contracts,
including significant judgments and changes in judgments. ASU 2014-09 allows for adoption either on a full retrospective basis
to each prior reporting period presented or on a modified retrospective basis with the cumulative effect of initially applying the
new guidance recognized at the date of initial application, which will be eﬁective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018.
The Company plans to adopt ASU 2014-09 and its amendments on a modified retrospective basis and is continuing to assess all
future impacts of the guidance by reviewing our current contracts with customers to identify potential differences that could
result from applying the new guidance. Based on our preliminary review, we expect that ASU 2014-09's broad definition of
variable consideration will require the Company to estimate and record certain variable payments resulting from collaborative
funding arrangements, rebates and other pricing allowances earlier than it currently does. While we do not expect this change to
have a material impact on net revenues on an annual basis, we do expect that it will have an impact on our revenue in interim
periods. As we complete our overall assessment, the Company is also identifying and preparing to implement changes to our
accounting policies and practices, business processes, systems and controls to support the new revenue recognition and
disclosure requirements. Our assessment will be completed during fiscal year 2017.
In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015- 17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes.
The amendments in this update simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes and require that deferred tax liabilities and
assets be classified as noncurrent in a consolidated statement of ﬁnancial position. These amendments may be applied either
prospectively to all deferred tax liabilities and assets or retrospectively to all periods presented. The amendments will be
effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2017 and we have elected to adopt ASU 2015-17 on a prospective basis.
In January 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-01, Financial Instruments — Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities, which addresses certain aspects of the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure
of financial instruments. The amendment will be eﬂ“ective for the Company beginning January 1, 2018 and will require us to
86