Unit case volume in Latin America decreased 1 percent, reﬂecting a decline of 2 percent in sparkling beverage volume partially
offset by still beverage volume growth of 2 percent. The growth in the group's still beverages was led by our performance in
packaged water, teas and sports drinks. The group's volume reﬂected a decline of 7 percent in both the Brazil and Latin Center
business units and a decline of 3 percent in the South Latin business unit. These declines were partially offset by unit case
volume growth of 5 percent in the Mexico business unit, which reﬂected 6 percent growth in sparkling beverages and 4 percent
growth in still beverages. Mexico's sparkling beverage unit case growth was led by 4 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola.
In North America, unit case volume grew 1 percent, reﬂecting even sparkling beverage volume and still beverage volume
growth of 3 percent. North America's volume performance in sparkling beverages included 3 percent growth in Trademark
Sprite, 6 percent growth in Trademark Fanta and strong growth in energy drinks offset by a 5 percent decline in Diet Coke. The
increase in still beverage volume reﬂected growth in packaged water, sports drinks, juices and juice drinks and dairy. In
addition, still beverage volume performance included 6 percent growth in vitaminwater.
Unit case volume in Asia Pacific increased 2 percent. Sparkling beverage volume was even, which included 2 percent growth in
Trademark Coca-Cola offset by a 4 percent decline in Trademark Sprite. The group's still beverage volume increased 5 percent,
reﬂecting growth in packaged water, teas and coffee, partially offset by a decline in juices and juice drinks. The group's unit
case volume reﬂected an increase of 6 percent in the ASEAN business unit and an increase of 3 percent in both the India &
South West Asia and Japan business units. The growth in these business units was partially offset by a unit case volume decline
of 1 percent in the Greater China & Korea business unit.
Unit case volume for Bottling Investments decreased 16 percent. This decrease primarily reﬂects the deconsolidation of our
German bottling operations in May 2016, a decline in CCR's unit case volume of 14 percent as well as a decline in China. The
decline in CCR's unit case volume is primarily driven by North America refranchising activities. The unfavorable impact of
these items on the group's unit case volume results was partially offset by growth in India and other markets where we own or
otherwise consolidate bottling operations. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 33 percent and
67 percent of the unit case volume in China and India, respectively. CCR accounted for 51 percent of the total bottler-
distributed unit case volume in North America.
Year Ended December 31, 2015 versus Year Ended December 31, 2014
In Europe, Middle East and Africa, unit case volume grew 3 percent, which consisted of 2 percent growth in sparkling
beverages and 6 percent growth in still beverages. The group's sparkling beverage growth included 2 percent growth in both
Trademark Coca-Cola and Trademark Fanta. The growth in still beverages was led by packaged water, juices and juice drinks,
teas and the expansion of the innocent brand. Europe, Middle East and Africa benefited from unit case volume growth of
6 percent in the South & East Africa business unit and growth of 2 percent in both the Middle East & North Africa and Central
& Eastern Europe business units.
Unit case volume in Latin America grew 1 percent as a result of growth in still beverages of 4 percent and even sparkling
beverage volume. The growth in still beverages was led by growth in packaged water, juices and juice drinks, and sports drinks.
The Latin Center and South Latin business units reported unit case volume growth of 4 percent and 3 percent, respectively. The
Mexico business unit reported unit case volume growth of 3 percent, reﬂecting growth in Trademark Coca-Cola of 3 percent.
The growth in the Latin Center, South Latin and Mexico business units was partially offset by a unit case volume decline of
4 percent in the Brazil business unit.
In North America, unit case volume grew 1 percent. This increase reﬂects 5 percent growth in still beverage volume and even
sparkling beverage volume. The still beverage growth in the group was led by 8 percent growth in packaged water and
6 percent growth in teas. After considering the impact of the acquired volume resulting from the Monster Transaction, North
America unit case volume growth remained 1 percent.
Unit case volume in Asia Pacific increased 4 percent, which consisted of 4 percent growth in both sparkling and still beverage
volume. The sparkling beverage volume growth was led by a 5 percent increase in Trademark Coca-Cola, a 4 percent increase
in Trademark Sprite and a 6 percent increase in Trademark Fanta. Still beverage volume growth was led by increases in
packaged water and teas of 12 percent and 6 percent, respectively. China's unit case volume grew 5 percent during the year, led
by 12 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola and 3 percent growth in Trademark Sprite. India reported unit case volume
growth of 4 percent and Japan reported even volume.
Unit case volume for Bottling Investments was even, reﬂecting growth in China, India and Germany offset by a decline in
CCR's unit case volume of 8 percent. The decline in CCR's unit case volume is primarily driven by North America
refranchising activities. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 34 percent, 69 percent and 100 percent
of the unit case volume in China, India and Germany, respectively. CCR accounted for 73 percent of the total bottler-distributed
unit case volume in North America.
46