which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount
that will more likely than not be realized. The Company records taxes that are collected from customers and remitted to
governmental authorities on a net basis in our consolidated statements of income.
The Company is involved in various tax matters, with respect to some of which the outcome is uncertain. We establish reserves
to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that it becomes uncertain based
upon one of the following conditions: (1) the tax position is not "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position is
"more likely than not" to be sustained, but for a lesser amount, or (3) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained,
but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax
position is uncertain, (1) we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge
of all relevant information; (2) the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes,
legislative intent, regulations, rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and
(3) each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken.
A number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved or when a tax
assessment is raised. The number of years subject to tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The tax benefit
that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the "more likely than not" recognition threshold would be
recognized in income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following
conditions: (1) the tax position is "more likely than not" to be sustained, (2) the tax position, amount, and/or timing is
ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation, or (3) the statute of limitations for the tax position has expired. Refer to
Note 11 and Note 14.
Translation and Remeasurement
We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies to US dollars at the
appropriate spot rates as of the balance sheet date. Generally, our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency as their functional
currency. Changes in the carrying value of these assets and liabilities attributable to ﬂuctuations in spot rates are recognized in
foreign currency translation adjustment, a component of AOCI. Refer to Note 15. Income statement accounts are translated
using the monthly average exchange rates during the year.
Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is diﬁerent from a reporting entity's functional currency must
ﬁrst be remeasured from the applicable currency to the legal entity's functional currency. The effect of this remeasurement
process is recognized in the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statements of income and is partially offset
by the impact of our economic hedging program for certain exposures on our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 5.
Hyperinﬂationary Economies
A hyperinﬂationary economy is one that has cumulative inﬂation of 100 percent or more over a three-year period. In
accordance with US. GAAP, local subsidiaries in hyperinﬂationary economies are required to use the US. dollar as their
functional currency and remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities not denominated in US. dollars using the rate applicable
to conversion of a currency for purposes of dividend remittances. All exchange gains and losses resulting from remeasurement
are recognized currently in income.
Venezuela has been designated as a hyperinﬂationary economy. Beginning in the first quarter of 20 14, the Venezuelan
government recognized three legal exchange rates to convert bolivars to the US. dollar: (1) the oﬁicial rate of 6.3 bolivars per
US. dollar; (2) SICAD 1, which was available to foreign investments and designated industry sectors to exchange a limited
volume of bolivars for US. dollars using a bid rate established at weekly auctions; and (3) SICAD 2, which applied to
transactions that did not qualify for either the official rate or SICAD 1. As of March 28, 2014, the three legal exchange rates
were 6.3 (official rate), 10.8 (SICAD 1) and 50.9 (SICAD 2). We determined that the SICAD 1 rate was the most appropriate
rate to use for remeasurement given our circumstances and estimates of the applicable rate at which future transactions could be
settled, including the payment of dividends. Therefore, as of March 28, 2014, we remeasured the net monetary assets of our
Venezuelan subsidiary using an exchange rate of 10.8 bolivars per US. dollar, resulting in a charge of $226 million recorded in
the line item other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
In December 2014, due to the continued lack of liquidity and increasing economic uncertainty, the Company reevaluated the
rate that should be used to remeasure the monetary assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. As of December 31,
2014, we determined that the SICAD 2 rate of 50 bolivars per US. dollar was the most appropriate legally available rate and
remeasured the net monetary assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary, resulting in a charge of $146 million recorded in the line item
other income (loss) — net in our consolidated statement of income.
In February 2015, the Venezuelan government merged SICAD 1 and SICAD 2 into a single mechanism called SICAD and
introduced a new open market exchange rate system, SIMADI. As a result, management determined that the SIMADI rate was
85