If our bottling partners ' financial condition deteriorates, our business and ﬁnancial results could be affected
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to independent bottling
partners and, therefore, the success of our business depends on our bottling partners' financial strength and profitability. While
under our agreements with our bottling partners we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our
concentrates and syrups, our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners' financial condition and their
ability to pass price increases along to their customers. In addition, we have investments in certain of our bottling partners,
which we account for under the equity method, and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling
partners' income or loss. Our bottling partners' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are
beyond our and their control, including competitive and general market conditions in the territories in which they operate; the
availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; or disruptions of bottling
operations that may be caused by strikes, work stoppages, labor unrest or natural disasters. A deterioration of the financial
condition or results of operations of one or more of our major bottling partners could adversely affect our net operating
revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups; and, if applicable, could result in a decrease in our equity income and/or result
in impairments of our equity method investments.
Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could have a material
adverse impact on our financial results.
We are subject to income tax in the United States and numerous other jurisdictions in which we generate profits. Our overall
effective income tax rate is a function of applicable local tax rates and the geographic mix of our income before taxes, which is
itself impacted by currency movements. Consequently, the isolated or combined effects of unfavorable movements in tax rates,
geographic mix, or foreign exchange rates could reduce our after-tax income. We earn a substantial portion of our income in
foreign countries. If our capital or financing needs in the United States require us to repatriate earnings from foreign
jurisdictions above our current levels, our effective tax rates for the affected periods could be negatively impacted.
Our annual tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant
judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. Although we believe
our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different
from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of audits or related disputes could have a material eﬁect on
our ﬁnancial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made and for periods for
which the statute of limitations is open. For instance, the United States Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") is seeking to increase
our US. taxable income for tax years 2007 through 2009 by an amount that creates a potential additional US. federal income
tax liability of approximately $3.3 billion for the period, plus interest. The IRS may add a claim for penalties at a later time.
The disputed amounts largely relate to a transfer pricing matter involving the appropriate amount of taxable income the
Company should report in the United States in connection with its licensing of intangible property to certain related foreign
licensees regarding the manufacturing, distribution, sale, marketing and promotion of products in overseas markets. We are
currently contesting the IRS' claims in the US. Tax Court. If the IRS were to prevail on its assertions, it would likely also seek
transfer pricing adjustments of a similar nature for subsequent tax years. Consequently, if this dispute were to be ultimately
determined adversely to us, the additional tax, interest and any potential penalties could have a material adverse impact on the
Company's financial position, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
The current US. administration has listed tax reform among its top policy priorities, and the US. Congress is reviewing
various legislative tax proposals. Until further details emerge, it is premature to predict how such proposals ultimately may
impact our business. Potential legislation is likely to include provisions that impact our business both favorably and
unfavorably as compared to current law. Pending further development of those provisions and potential legislative enactment,
we are unable to determine whether the net impact would produce a positive or negative impact, and what actions we may take
as a consequence.
Increased or new indirect taxes in the United States and throughout the world could negatively affect our business.
Our business operations are subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income, sometimes referred to as "indirect
taxes," including import duties, excise taxes, sales or value-added taxes, taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages, property taxes
and payroll taxes, in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including indirect taxes imposed by state and local
governments. In addition, in the past, the US. Congress considered imposing a federal excise tax on beverages sweetened with
sugar, HFCS or other nutritive sweeteners and may consider similar proposals in the future. As federal, state and local
governments in the United States and throughout the world experience significant budget deficits, some lawmakers have
singled out beverages among a plethora of revenue-raising items and have imposed or increased, or proposed to impose or
increase, sales or similar taxes on beverages, particularly sugar-sweetened beverages. Increases in or the imposition of new
indirect taxes on our business operations or products would increase the cost of products or, to the extent levied directly on
consumers, make our products less affordable, which may negatively impact our net operating revenues and profitability.
l3