The following table sets forth the percentage of total worldwide unit case volume related to concentrate operations and finished
product operations:
iYear Ended December 31, i 2016 2015 2014 7
[Concentﬁte operationsl 76% 73% 73%
iFinished product operations2 24 27 27 7
Total 100% 100% 100%,
1 Includes unit case volume related to concentrates sold by the Company to authorized bottling partners for the manufacture of fountain
syrups. The bottlers then typically sell the fountain syrups to wholesalers or directly to fountain retailers.
2 Includes unit case volume related to fountain syrups manufactured by the Company, including consolidated bottling operations, and sold to
fountain retailers or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers.
The Nonalcoholic Beverage Segment of the Commercial Beverage Industry
We operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. We face strong
competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. We, along with other beverage companies, are
affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, cost to manufacture and distribute products, consumer spending,
economic conditions, availability and quality of water, consumer preferences, inﬂation, political climate, local and national
laws and regulations, foreign currency ﬂuctuations, fuel prices and weather patterns.
Our Objective
Our objective is to use our formidable assets — our brands, ﬁnancial strength, unrivaled distribution system, global reach, and
the talent and strong commitment of our management and associates — to achieve long-term sustainable growth. Our vision for
sustainable growth includes the following:
- People: Being a great place to work where people are inspired to be the best they can be.
- Portfolio: Bringing to the world a portfolio of beverage brands that anticipates and satisfies people's desires and needs.
- Partners: Nurturing a winning network of partners and building mutual loyalty.
- Planet: Being a responsible global citizen that makes a difference.
- Profit: Maximizing return to shareowners while being mindful of our overall responsibilities.
- Productivity: Managing our people, time and money for greatest effectiveness.
Strategic Priorities
We have ﬁve strategic priorities designed to help us achieve our objective. These strategic priorities are accelerating growth of
a consumer-centric brand portfolio; driving revenue growth, led by sparkling beverages; strengthening the Coca-Cola system;
digitizing the enterprise; and unlocking the power of our people. In order to execute on these strategic priorities, we must
further enhance our core capabilities of consumer marketing, commercial leadership and franchise leadership.
Core Capabilities
Consumer Marketing
Marketing investments are designed to enhance consumer awareness of, and increase consumer preference for, our brands.
Successful marketing investments produce long-term growth in unit case volume, per capita consumption and our share of
worldwide nonalcoholic beverage sales. Through our relationships with our bottling partners and those who sell our products in
the marketplace, we create and implement integrated marketing programs, both globally and locally, that are designed to
heighten consumer awareness of and product appeal for our brands. In developing a strategy for a Company brand, we conduct
product and packaging research, establish brand positioning, develop precise consumer communications and solicit consumer
feedback. Our integrated marketing activities include, but are not limited to, advertising, point-of-sale merchandising and sales
promotions.
We are focusing on marketing strategies to drive volume growth in emerging markets, increase our brand value in developing
markets and grow net revenues and profit in our developed markets. In emerging markets, we are investing in infrastructure
programs that drive volume through increased access to consumers. In developing markets, where consumer access has largely
been established, our focus is on differentiating our brands. In our developed markets, we continue to invest in brands and
infrastructure programs but generally at a slower rate than gross profit growth.
3 1