Research and Development
Because the industries in which the Company competes are characterized by rapid technological advances, the Company’s ability
to compete successfully depends heavily upon its ability to ensure a continual and timely flow of competitive products, services and
technologies to the marketplace. The Company continues to develop new technologies to enhance existing products and to expand
the range of its product offerings through R&D, licensing of intellectual property and acquisition of third-party businesses and
technology. Total R&D expense was $10.0 billion, $8.1 billion and $6.0 billion in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Patents, Trademarks, Copyrights and Licenses
The Company currently holds rights to patents and copyrights relating to certain aspects of its hardware devices, accessories,
software and services.The Company has registered or has applied for trademarks and service marks in the US. and a number of
foreign countries. Although the Company believes the ownership of such patents, copyrights, trademarks and service marks is an
important factor in its business and that its success does depend in part on such ownership, the Company relies primarily on the
innovative skills, technical competence and marketing abilities of its personnel.
The Company regularly files patent applications to protect innovations arising from its research, development and design, and is
currently pursuing thousands of patent applications around the world. Over time, the Company has accumulated a large portfolio
of issued patents around the world. The Company holds copyrights relating to certain aspects of its products and services. No single
patent or copyright is solely responsible for protecting the Company’s products. The Company believes the duration of its patents
is adequate relative to the expected lives of its products.
Many of the Company’s products are designed to include intellectual property obtained from third parties. It may be necessary in
the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of its products, processes and services. While the Company has
generally been able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms in the past, there is no guarantee that such licenses
could be obtained in the future on reasonable terms or at all. Because of technological changes in the industries in which the
Company competes, current extensive patent coverage and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is possible that certain
components of the Company’s products, processes and services may unknowingly infringe existing patents or intellectual property
rights of others. From time to time, the Company has been notified that it may be infringing certain patents or other intellectual
property rights of third parties.
Foreign and Domestic Operations and Geographic Data
During 2016, the Company’s domestic and international net sales accounted for 35% and 65%, respectively, of total net
sales. Information regarding financial data by geographic segment is set forth in Part II, Item 7 ofthis Form 10-K underthe subheading
“Segment Operating Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in
Note 11, “Segment Information and Geographic Data.”
While some Mac computers are manufactured in the US. and Ireland, substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are
currently manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in Asia. The supply and manufacture of a number of
components is performed by sole-sourced outsourcing partners in the US, Asia and Europe. Margins on sales of the Company’s
products in foreign countries and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, can be adversely
affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and by international trade regulations, including tariffs and antidumping
penalties. Information regarding concentration in the available sources of supply of materials and products is set forth in Part II,
Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies.”
Business Seasonality and Product Introductions
The Company has historically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters in its fiscal year due in
part to seasonal holiday demand. Additionally, new product introductions can significantly impact net sales, product costs and
operating expenses. Product introductions can also impact the Company’s net sales to its indirect distribution channels as these
channels are filled with new product inventory following a product introduction, and often, channel inventory of a particular product
declines as the next related major product launch approaches. Net sales can also be affected when consumers and distributors
anticipate a product introduction. However, neither historical seasonal patterns nor historical patterns of product introductions should
be considered reliable indicators of the Company’s future pattern of product introductions, future net sales or financial performance.
Warranty
The Company offers a limited parts and labor warranty on most of its hardware products. The basic warranty period is typically one
year from the date of purchase by the original end-user. The Company also offers a 90-day basic warranty for its service parts used
to repair the Company’s hardware products. In certain jurisdictions, local law requires that manufacturers guarantee their products
for a period prescribed by statute, typically at least two years. In addition, where available, consumers may purchase APP or AC+,
which extends service coverage on many of the Company’s hardware products.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 6