Services
Internet Services
The iTunes Store, available for iOS devices, Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple TV, allows customers to purchase
and download music and TV shows, rent or purchase movies and download free podcasts. The App Store, available for iOS devices,
allows customers to discover and download apps and purchase in-app content. The Mac App Store, available for Mac computers,
allows customers to discover, download and install Mac applications.The TV App Store allows customers access to apps and games
specifically for the Apple TV. The iBooks Store, available for iOS devices and Mac computers, features e-books from major and
independent publishers. Apple Music offers users a curated listening experience with on-demand radio stations that evolve based
on a user’s play or download activity and a subscription-based internet streaming service that also provides unlimited access to the
Apple Music library.
iCloud
iCloud is the Company’s cloud service which stores music, photos, contacts, calendars, mail, documents and more, keeping them
up-to-date and available across multiple iOS devices, Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple TV. iCloud services include
iCloud Drive®, iCloud Photo Library, Family Sharing, Find My iPhone, iPad or Mac, Find My Friends, Notes, iCloud Keychain® and
iCloud Backup for iOS devices.
AppleCare
AppleCare® offers a range of support options for the Company’s customers. These include assistance that is built into software
products, printed and electronic product manuals, online support including comprehensive product information as well as technical
assistance, the AppleCare Protection Plan (‘APP”) and the AppleCare+ Protection Plan (‘AC+”). APP is a fee-based service that
typically extends the service coverage of phone support, hardware repairs and dedicated web-based support resources for Mac,
Apple TV and display products. AC+ is a fee-based service offering additional coverage under some circumstances for instances
of accidental damage in addition to the services offered by APP and is available in certain countries for iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch
andiPod.
Apple Pay
Apple Pay is the Company’s mobile payment service available in certain countries that offers an easy, secure and private way to
pay. Apple Pay allows users to pay for purchases in stores accepting contactless payments and to pay for purchases within participating
apps on qualifying devices.Apple Pay accepts credit and debit cards across major card networks and also supports reward programs
and store-issued credit and debit cards.
Other Products
Accessories
The Company sells a variety of Apple-branded and third-party Mac-compatible and iOS-compatible accessories, including Apple
TV, Apple Watch, Beats products, iPod, headphones, displays, storage devices, and various other connectivity and computing
products and supplies. In September 2016, the Company introduced AirPodsT'V', new wireless headphones that interact with Siri.
Apple TV
Apple TV connects to consumers’ TVs and enables them to access digital content directly for streaming high definition video, playing
music and games, and viewing photos. Content from Apple Music and other media services are also available on Apple TV. Apple
TV allows streaming digital content from Mac and Windows personal computers through Home Share and from compatible Mac
and iOS devices through AirPlay®. The Company's Apple TV runs on its tvOS operating system and is based on apps built for the
television. Additionally, the Apple TV remote features Siri, allowing users to search and access content with their voice.
Apple Watch
Apple Watch is a personal electronic device that combines the watchOS user interface and technologies created specifically for a
smaller device, including the Digital CrownTM, a unique navigation tool that allows users to seamlessly scroll, zoom and navigate,
and Force Touch, a technology that senses the difference between a tap and a press and allows users to access controls within
apps. Apple Watch enables users to communicate in new ways from their wrist, track their health and fitness through activity and
workout apps, and includes Siri and Apple Pay. In September 2016, the Company introduced Apple Watch Series 2, featuring new
fitness and health capabilities, built-in GPS and a 50-meter water resistance rating for swimming.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 3