Manufacturing Purchase Obligations
The Company utilizes several outsourcing partners to manufacture sub-assemblies for the Company’s products and to perform final
assembly and testing of finished products. These outsourcing partners acquire components and build product based on demand
information supplied by the Company, which typically covers periods up to 150 days.The Company also obtains individual components
for its products from a wide variety of individual suppliers. Consistent with industry practice, the Company acquires components
through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders based on projected demand information. As of
September 24, 2016, the Company had manufacturing purchase obligations of $28.6 billion.
Other Purchase Obligations
The Company’s other purchase obligations were comprised of commitments to acquire capital assets, including product tooling and
manufacturing process equipment, and commitments related to advertising, licensing, R&D, internet and telecommunications
services, energy and other obligations. As of September 24, 2016, the Company had other purchase obligations of $6.6 billion.
The Company’s other non-current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets consist primarily of deferred tax liabilities, gross
unrecognized tax benefits and the related gross interest and penalties. As of September 24, 2016, the Company had non-current
deferred tax liabilities of $26.0 billion. Additionally, as of September 24, 2016, the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of
$7.7 billion and an additional $1.0 billion for gross interest and penalties classified as non-current liabilities.At this time, the Company
is unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes;
therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table.
Indemnification
The Company generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and application software against legal claims that the
software infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include
indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject to costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement
claim against the Company or an indemnified third-party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility
the Company may have incurred a material loss with respect to indemnification of end-users of its operating system or application
software for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
The Company offers an iPhone Upgrade Program, which is available to customers who purchase a qualifying iPhone in the US,
the UK. and mainland China. The iPhone Upgrade Program provides customers the right to trade in that iPhone for a specified
amount when purchasing a new iPhone, provided certain conditions are met. The Company accounts for the trade-in right as a
guarantee liability and recognizes arrangement revenue net of the fair value of such right with subsequent changes to the guarantee
liability recognized within revenue.
The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. Under these agreements, the
Company has agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of
their status as directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such individuals in connection with related legal proceedings.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the Company could be required to make under these
agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each claim.
However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations.
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) and the Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results require the Company’s
management to makejudgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in its consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes. Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies,” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
in Part II, Item 8 ofthis Form 10-K describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. Management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it
believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying
values of assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and such differences may be material.
Management believes the Company’s critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, valuation
and impairment of marketable securities, inventory valuation, valuation of manufacturing-related assets and estimation of purchase
commitment cancellation fees, warranty costs, income taxes, and legal and other contingencies. Management considers these
policies critical because they are both important to the portrayal of the Company’s financial condition and operating results, and
they require management to makejudgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters.The Company’s senior management
has reviewed these critical accounting policies and related disclosures with the Audit and Finance Committee of the Company’s
Board of Directors.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 32