Item 1A. Risk Factors
The following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding
other statements in this Form 10-K. The following information should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related
notes in Part II, Item 8, “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Form 10-K.
The business, financial condition and operating results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently
known or unknown, including but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause
the Company’s actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial
condition and operating results.Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business,
financial condition, operating results and stock price.
Because of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company’s financial condition and operating results, past
financial performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical
trends to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
Global and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company.
The Company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions. Uncertainty about
global and regional economic conditions poses a risk as consumers and businesses may postpone spending in response to tighter
credit, higher unemployment, financial market volatility, government austerity programs, negative financial news, declines in income
or asset values and/or other factors. These worldwide and regional economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on
demand for the Company’s products and services. Demand also could differ materially from the Company’s expectations as a result
of currency fluctuations because the Company generally raises prices on goods and services sold outside the US. to correspond
with the effect of a strengthening of the US. dollar. Other factors that could influence worldwide or regional demand include changes
in fuel and other energy costs, conditions in the real estate and mortgage markets, unemployment, labor and healthcare costs,
access to credit, consumer confidence and other macroeconomic factors affecting consumer spending behavior. These and other
economic factors could materially adversely affect demand for the Company’s products and services.
In the event of financial turmoil affecting the banking system and financial markets, additional consolidation of the financial services
industry, or significant financial service institution failures, there could be tightening in the credit markets, low liquidity and extreme
volatility in fixed income, credit, currency and equity markets. This could have a number of effects on the Company’s business,
including the insolvency or financial instability of outsourcing partners or suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance
development and/or manufacture products resulting in product delays; inability of customers, including channel partners, to obtain
credit to finance purchases of the Company’s products; failure of derivative counterparties and other financial institutions; and
restrictions on the Company’s ability to issue new debt. Other income and expense also could vary materially from expectations
depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of financial instruments; impairment charges resulting from
revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments; changes in interest rates; increases or decreases in cash balances;
volatility in foreign exchange rates; and changes in fair value of derivative instruments. Increased volatility in the financial markets
and overall economic uncertainty would increase the risk of the actual amounts realized in the future on the Company’s financial
instruments differing significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them.
Global markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and subject to rapid technological change,
and the Company may be unable to compete effectively in these markets.
The Company’s products and services compete in highly competitive global markets characterized by aggressive price cutting and
resulting downward pressure on gross margins, frequent introduction of new products, short product life cycles, evolving industry
standards, continual improvement in product price/performance characteristics, rapid adoption of technological and product
advancements by competitors and price sensitivity on the part of consumers.
The Company’s ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of
innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The Company believes it is unique in that it designs and
develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and
related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D. The Company currently holds a significant
number of patents and copyrights and has registered and/or has applied to register numerous patents, trademarks and service
marks. In contrast, many of the Company’s competitors seek to compete primarily through aggressive pricing and very low cost
structures, and emulating the Company's products and infringing on its intellectual property. If the Company is unable to continue
to develop and sell innovative new products with attractive margins or if competitors infringe on the Company’s intellectual property,
the Company’s ability to maintain a competitive advantage could be adversely affected.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 8