There may be breaches of the Company’s information technology systems that materially damage business partner and
customer relationships, curtail or otherwise adversely impact access to online stores and services, or subject the Company
to significant reputational, financial, legal and operational consequences.
The Company’s business requires it to use and store customer, employee and business partner personally identifiable information
(“PII”). This may include, among other information, names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax
identification numbers and payment account information. Although malicious attacks to gain access to PM affect many companies
across various industries, the Company is at a relatively greater risk of being targeted because of its high profile and the amount of
PM it manages.
The Company requires user names and passwords in order to access its information technology systems. The Company also uses
encryption and authentication technologies designed to secure the transmission and storage of data and prevent access to Company
data or accounts. As with all companies, these security measures are subject to third-party security breaches, employee error,
malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularities. For example, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce
employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access
the Company’s information technology systems. To help protect customers and the Company, the Company monitors accounts and
systems for unusual activity and may freeze accounts under suspicious circumstances, which may result in the delay or loss of
customer orders.
The Company devotes significant resources to network security, data encryption and other security measures to protect its systems
and data, but these security measures cannot provide absolute security. To the extent the Company was to experience a breach of
its systems and was unable to protect sensitive data, such a breach could materially damage business partner and customer
relationships, and curtail or otherwise adversely impact access to online stores and services. Moreover, if a computer security breach
affects the Company’s systems or results in the unauthorized release of PH, the Company’s reputation and brand could be materially
damaged, use of the Company’s products and services could decrease, and the Company could be exposed to a risk of loss or
litigation and possible liability. While the Company maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and
subject to a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may
be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of cyber risk.
The Company is also subject to payment card association rules and obligations under its contracts with payment card processors.
Under these rules and obligations, if information is compromised, the Company could be liable to payment card issuers for associated
expenses and penalties. In addition, if the Company fails to follow payment card industry security standards, even if no customer
information is compromised, the Company could incur significant fines or experience a significant increase in payment card
transaction costs.
The Company’s business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding
data protection.
The Company is subject to federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of PH.
In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also may restrict transfers of PH among the Company and
its international subsidiaries. Several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing
additional restrictions. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Complying with
emerging and changing international requirements may cause the Company to incur substantial costs or require the Company to
change its business practices. Noncompliance could result in significant penalties or legal liability.
The Company makes statements about its use and disclosure of PH through its privacy policy, information provided on its website
and press statements. Any failure by the Company to comply with these public statements or with other federal, state or international
privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations could result in proceedings against the Company by governmental entities
or others. Penalties could include ongoing audit requirements or significant legal liability.
The Company’s success depends largely on the continued service and availability of key personnel.
Much of the Company’s future success depends on the continued availability and service of key personnel, including its Chief
Executive Officer, executive team and other highly skilled employees. Experienced personnel in the technology industry are in high
demand and competition for their talents is intense, especially in Silicon Valley, where most of the Company’s key personnel are
located.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 14