record by the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the
record date is prior to the date of issuance of the stock certificate or book entry evidencing such Shares.
(b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions. As of any date that the Company pays
an ordinary cash dividend on its Common Stock, the Company shall credit the Participant with a dollar amount
equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock on such date, multiplied
by (ii) the total target number of Stock Units (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the
Plan) subject to the Award that are outstanding immediately prior to the record date for that dividend (a
“Dividend Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions
of this Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions
as the original Stock Units to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend
Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. For purposes of clarity, the percentage of the Dividend Equivalent
Rights that are paid will correspond to the percentage of the total target number of Stock Units that vest on
the Vesting Date, after giving effect to Exhibit A. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made
pursuant to this Section 5(b) with respect to any Stock Units which, immediately prior to the record date for
that dividend, have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8 or ExhibitA.
6. Bestriotionsiqnlransfel:. Except as provided in Section 4(0) of the Plan, neither the Award,
nor any interest therein or amount or Shares payable in respect thereof may be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7. Timing and Manner of Payment of Stock Units. On or as soon as administratively practical
following the vesting of the Award pursuant to Section 3 or Section 8 (and in all events not later than two and
one-half (2 1/.2) months after such vesting event), the Company shall deliver to the Participant a number of
Shares (either by delivering one or more certificates for such Shares or by entering such Shares in book
entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion) equal to the number of Stock Units subject to
the Award that vest on the Vesting Date, less Tax-Related Items (as defined in Section 11 below), unless such
Stock Units terminate prior to the Vesting Date pursuant to Section 8. The Company’s obligation to deliver
Shares or otherwise make payment with respect to vested Stock Units is subject to the condition precedent
that the Participant or other person entitled under the Plan to receive any Shares with respect to the vested
Stock Units deliver to the Company any representations or other documents or assurances required pursuant
to Section 13(0) of the Plan. The Participant shall have no further rights with respect to any Stock Units that
are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 8.
8. Effect of Termination of Service. Except as provided in the next sentence, the Participant’s
Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent such Stock Units
have not become vested priorto the Participant’s Termination of Service, meaning the first date the Participant
is no longer employed by or providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries (the “Severance
Date”), regardless of the reason for the Participant’s Termination of Service, whether with or without cause,
voluntarily or involuntarily. In the event the Participant’s Severance Date is the result of the Participant’s
Termination of Service due to the Participant’s death or Disability, and the Severance Date occurs prior to
the Vesting Date, on the Vesting Date the Award shall vest with respect to a number of Stock Units determined
by multiplying (i) the Stock Units subject to the Award that would have otherwise vested pursuant to the Award
on such Vesting Date but for the Termination of Service and to the extent the applicable performance-based
vesting requirement is satisfied, by (ii) the Severance Fraction (determined as set forth below). Any Stock
Units that are unvested on the Severance Date and that are not eligible to vest on the Vesting Date following
the Severance Date pursuant to the preceding sentence shall terminate as of the Severance Date, and any
Stock Units that remain outstanding and unvested after giving effect to the preceding sentence shall terminate
as of the Vesting Date. The “Severance Fraction” means a fraction, the numerator of which shall be
determined by subtracting the number of days remaining in the Performance Period on the Severance Date
from the total number of days in the Performance Period, and the denominator of which shall be the total
number of days in the Performance Period. If any unvested Stock Units are terminated pursuant to this Award
Agreement, such Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall automatically terminate
and be cancelled as of the applicable Severance Date (or, to the extent the applicable performance-based
2