This Annual Report on Form 10-K ( “Form 10-K”) contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Many of the forward-looking statements are located in Part II,
Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations. ” Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include
any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by
words such as ‘future, ” “anticipates, ” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects, ” “intends, ” “plans, ” “predicts, ” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can,”
“may, ” and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results
may din‘er significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences
include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are
incorporated herein by reference. All information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the
associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers
collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The Company assumes no obligation to revise
or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law.
PART I
Item 1. Business
Company Background
The Company designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers and portable
digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions and third-party digital
content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone®, iPad®, Mac®, iPod®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV®, a
portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, iOS, macOSTM, watchOS® and tvOSTM operating systems, iCloud®,
Apple Pay® and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.The Company sells and delivers digital content and applications
through the iTunes Store®, App Store®, Mac App Store, TV App Store, iBooks StoreTM and Apple Music® (collectively “Internet
Services”).The Company sells its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores and direct sales force, as well as through
third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of
third-party Apple compatible products, including application software and various accessories through its retail and online stores.
The Company sells to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers. The
Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The Company is a California
corporation established in 1977.
Business Strategy
The Company is committed to bringing the best user experience to its customers through its innovative hardware, software and
services. The Company’s business strategy leverages its unique ability to design and develop its own operating systems, hardware,
application software and services to provide its customers products and solutions with innovative design, superior ease-of—use and
seamless integration. As part of its strategy, the Company continues to expand its platform for the discovery and delivery of digital
content and applications through its Internet Services, which allows customers to discover and download digital content, iOS, Mac,
Apple Watch and Apple TV applications, and books through either a Mac or Windows personal computer or through iPhone, iPad
and iPod touch® devices (“iOS devices”), Apple TV and Apple Watch. The Company also supports a community for the development
of third-party software and hardware products and digital content that complement the Company’s offerings.The Company believes
a high-quality buying experience with knowledgeable salespersons who can convey the value of the Company’s products and
services greatly enhances its ability to attract and retain customers. Therefore, the Company’s strategy also includes building and
expanding its own retail and online stores and its third-party distribution network to effectively reach more customers and provide
them with a high-quality sales and post-sales support experience. The Company believes ongoing investment in research and
development (“R&D”), marketing and advertising is critical to the development and sale of innovative products and technologies.
Business Organization
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable operating segments consist of the
Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. The Americas segment includes both North and South America.
The Europe segment includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa.The Greater China segment includes
China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the
Company’s other reportable operating segments. Although the reportable operating segments provide similar hardware and software
products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and
distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. Further information regarding the Company’s
reportable operating segments may be found in Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the subheading “Segment Operating
Performance,” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 11, “Segment
Information and Geographic Data.”
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 1