Software Development Costs
Research and development (“R&D”) costs are expensed as incurred. Development costs of computer software to be sold, leased,
or otherwise marketed are subject to capitalization beginning when a product’s technological feasibility has been established and
ending when a product is available for general release to customers. In most instances, the Company’s products are released soon
after technological feasibility has been established and as a result software development costs were expensed as incurred.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and included in selling, general and administrative expenses.
Share-based Compensation
The Company recognizes expense related to share-based payment transactions in which it receives employee services in exchange
for (a) equity instruments of the Company or (b) liabilities that are based on the fair value of the Company’s equity instruments or
that may be settled by the issuance of such equity instruments. Share-based compensation cost for restricted stock and restricted
stock units (“RSUs”) is measured based on the closing fair market value of the Company’s common stock on the date of grant. The
Company recognizes share-based compensation cost over the award’s requisite service period on a straight-line basis for time-
based RSUs and on a graded basis for RSUs that are contingent on the achievement of performance conditions. The Company
recognizes a benefit from share-based compensation in the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity if an excess tax benefit
is realized. In addition, the Company recognizes the indirect effects of share-based compensation on R&D tax credits, foreign tax
credits and domestic manufacturing deductions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Further information regarding share-
based compensation can be found in Note 9, “Benefit Plans.”
Income Taxes
The provision for income taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of
assets and liabilities and for operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using
the currently enacted tax rates that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected
to be realized or settled. The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed
more likely than not to be realized.
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon settlement. See Note 5, “Income Taxes” for additional information.
Earnings Per Share
Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of
shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to
common shareholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period increased to
include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potentially dilutive securities had
been issued. Potentially dilutive securities include outstanding stock options, shares to be purchased by employees under the
Company’s employee stock purchase plan, unvested restricted stock and unvested RSUs. The dilutive effect of potentially dilutive
securities is reflected in diluted earnings per share by application of the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method,
an increase in the fair market value of the Company’s common stock can result in a greater dilutive effect from potentially dilutive
secunﬁes.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K I 46