The Company faces substantial inventory and other asset risk in addition to purchase commitment cancellation risk.
The Company records a write-down for product and component inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand
or net realizable value and accrues necessary cancellation fee reserves for orders of excess products and components.The Company
also reviews its long-lived assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities and inventory prepayments, for impairment
whenever events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If the Company determines
that impairment has occurred, it records a write-down equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair
value. Although the Company believes its provisions related to inventory, capital assets, inventory prepayments and other assets
and purchase commitments are currently adequate, no assurance can be given that the Company will not incur additional related
charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the industries in which the Company competes.
The Company must order components for its products and build inventory in advance of product announcements and shipments.
Consistent with industry practice, components are normally acquired through a combination of purchase orders, supplier contracts
and open orders, in each case based on projected demand. Manufacturing purchase obligations typically coverforecasted component
and manufacturing requirements for periods up to 150 days. Because the Company’s markets are volatile, competitive and subject
to rapid technology and price changes, there is a risk the Company will forecast incorrectly and order or produce excess or insufficient
amounts of components or products, or not fully utilize firm purchase commitments.
Future operating results depend upon the Company’s ability to obtain components in sufficient quantities on commercially
reasonable terms.
Because the Company currently obtains components from single or limited sources, the Company is subject to significant supply
and pricing risks. Many components, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide
shortages and significant commodity pricing fluctuations. While the Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many
components, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or
at all. A number of suppliers of components may suffer from poor financial conditions, which can lead to business failure for the
supplier or consolidation within a particular industry, further limiting the Company’s ability to obtain sufficient quantities of components
on commercially reasonable terms. The effects of global or regional economic conditions on the Company’s suppliers, described in
“Global and regional economic conditions could materially adversely affect the Company” above, also could affect the Company’s
ability to obtain components. Therefore, the Company remains subject to significant risks of supply shortages and price increases.
The Company’s new products often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses
new technologies, initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has
increased. Continued availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected for any number of reasons,
including if those suppliers decide to concentrate on the production of common components instead of components customized to
meet the Company’s requirements. The supply of components for a new or existing product could be delayed or constrained, or a
key manufacturing vendor could delay shipments of completed products to the Company.
The Company depends on component and product manufacturing and logistical services provided by outsourcing partners,
many of which are located outside of the U.S.
Substantially all of the Company’s manufacturing is performed in whole or in part by a few outsourcing partners located primarily
in Asia. The Company has also outsourced much of its transportation and logistics management. While these arrangements may
lower operating costs, they also reduce the Company’s direct control over production and distribution. It is uncertain what effect
such diminished control will have on the quality or quantity of products or services, or the Company’s flexibility to respond to changing
conditions. Although arrangements with these partners may contain provisions for warranty expense reimbursement, the Company
may remain responsible to the consumer for warranty service in the event of product defects and could experience an unanticipated
product defect or warranty liability. While the Company relies on its partners to adhere to its supplier code of conduct, material
violations of the supplier code of conduct could occur.
The Company relies on sole-sourced outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many critical
components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia, for final assembly of substantially all of the Company’s hardware
products. Any failure of these partners to perform may have a negative impact on the Company’s cost or supply of components or
finished goods. In addition, manufacturing or logistics in these locations or transit to final destinations may be disrupted for a variety
of reasons including, but not limited to, natural and man-made disasters, information technology system failures, commercial disputes,
military actions or economic, business, labor, environmental, public health, or political issues.
The Company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and
has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. While these arrangements help
ensure the supply of components and finished goods, if these outsourcing partners or suppliers experience severe financial problems
or other disruptions in their business, such continued supply could be reduced or terminated and the net realizable value of these
assets could be negatively impacted.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K | 10