The following table shows the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share for 2016, 2015 and 2014 (net income in millions
and shares in thousands):
2016 2015 2014
Numerator: 7 7 7 7 7 7
' Net income 3 45,687 $ 53,394 $ 39,510
I Denominator: I
Weighted-average shares outstanding 5,470,820 5,753,421 6,085,572
I Effect of dilutive securities 29,461 39,648 37,091 I
Weighted-average diluted shares 7 5,500,281 7 7 5,793,069, 7 6,122,663,
Basic earnings per share $ 8.35 $ 9.28 $ 6.49 I
I Diluted earnings per share $ 8.31 $ 9.22 $ 6.45
Potentially dilutive securities whose effect would have been antidilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
share.
Financial Instruments
Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities
All highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less at the date of purchase are classified as cash equivalents. The
Company’s marketable debt and equity securities have been classified and accounted for as available-for-sale. Management
determines the appropriate classification of its investments at the time of purchase and reevaluates the classifications at each
balance sheet date. The Company classifies its marketable debt securities as either short-term or long-term based on each
instrument’s underlying contractual maturity date. Marketable debt securities with maturities of 12 months or less are classified as
short-term and marketable debt securities with maturities greater than 12 months are classified as long-term. Marketable equity
securities, including mutual funds, are classified as either short-term or long-term based on the nature of each security and its
availability for use in current operations.The Company’s marketable debt and equity securities are carried at fairvalue, with unrealized
gains and losses, net of taxes, reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (‘AOCI”) in shareholders’
equity, with the exception of unrealized losses believed to be other-than-temporary which are reported in earnings in the current
period. The cost of securities sold is based upon the specific identification method.
Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company accounts for its derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carries them at fair value.
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows that are designated as cash flow
hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of AOCl in shareholders’
equity and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. The
ineffective portion of the gain or loss on the derivative instrument, if any, is recognized in earnings in the current period. To receive
hedge accounting treatment, cash flow hedges must be highly effective in offsetting changes to expected future cash flows on hedged
transactions. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge
effectiveness and are recognized in earnings.
For derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset or a liability and that are designated as
fair value hedges, both the net gain or loss on the derivative instrument as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the hedged item
are recognized in earnings in the current period.
For derivative instruments and foreign currency debt that hedge the exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates used
for translation of the net investment in a foreign operation and that are designated as a net investment hedge, the net gain or loss
on the effective portion of the derivative instrument is reported in the same manner as a foreign currency translation adjustment.
For forward exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges, the Company excludes changes in fair value relating to
changes in the fonNard carry component from its definition of effectiveness. Accordingly, any gains or losses related to this forward
carry component are recognized in earnings in the current period.
Derivatives that do not qualify as hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings in the current period.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 47