Other Off-Balance Sheet Commitments
Operating Leases
The Company leases various equipment and facilities, including retail space, under noncancelable operating lease arrangements.
The Company does not currently utilize any other off-balance sheet financing arrangements. As of September 24, 2016, the
Company’s total future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases were $7.6 billion.The Company's retail store
and other facility leases are typically for terms not exceeding 10 years and generally contain multi-year renewal options.
Rent expense under all operating leases, including both cancelable and noncancelable leases, was $939 million, $794 million and
$717 million in 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Future minimum lease payments under noncancelable operating leases having
remaining terms in excess of one year as of September 24, 2016, are as follows (in millions):
2017 $ 929
'2018 919
2019 915
'2020 889
2021 836
Thereafter 3,139
Total :$ 7,627
Contingencies
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business and that have
not been fully adjudicated, as further discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors” and in Part I,
Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings.” In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable
possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss
contingencies for asserted legal and other claims. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain. Therefore, although
management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against
the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial
statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., et al.
On August 24, 2012, a jury returned a verdict awarding the Company $1.05 billion in its lawsuit against Samsung Electronics Co.,
Ltd. and affiliated parties in the United States District Court, Northern District of California, San Jose Division. On March 6, 2014,
the District Court entered final judgment in favor of the Company in the amount of approximately $930 million. On May 18, 2015,
the US. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit affirmed in part, and reversed in part, the decision of the District Court. As a result,
the Court of Appeals ordered entry of final judgment on damages in the amount of approximately $548 million, with the District Court
to determine supplemental damages and interest, as well as damages owed for products subject to the reversal in part. Samsung
paid $548 million to the Company in December 2015, which was included in net sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statement
of Operations. Because the case remains subject to further proceedings, the Company has not recognized any further amounts in
its results of operations. On October 11, 2016, the United States Supreme Court heard arguments in Samsung’s request for appeal
related to the $548 million in damages.
Note 11 — Segment Information and Geographic Data
The Company reports segment information based on the “management” approach. The management approach designates the
internal reporting used by management for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company’s reportable
operating segments.
The Company manages its business primarily on a geographic basis. The Company’s reportable operating segments consist of the
Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. The Americas segment includes both North and South America.
The Europe segment includes European countries, as well as India, the Middle East and Africa.The Greater China segment includes
China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment includes Australia and those Asian countries not included in the
Company’s other reportable operating segments. Although the reportable operating segments provide similar hardware and software
products and similar services, each one is managed separately to better align with the location of the Company’s customers and
distribution partners and the unique market dynamics of each geographic region. The accounting policies of the various segments
are the same as those described in Note 1, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.”
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 66