Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively ‘Apple” or the “Company”) designs, manufactures and markets mobile
communication and media devices, personal computers and portable digital music players, and sells a variety of related software,
services, accessories, networking solutions and third-party digital content and applications.The Company sells its products worldwide
through its retail stores, online stores and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers,
retailers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of third-party Apple-compatible products, including
application software and various accessories through its retail and online stores. The Company sells to consumers, small and mid-
sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers.
Basis of Presentation and Preparation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company. Intercompany accounts and transactions
have been eliminated. In the opinion of the Company’s management, the consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments,
which are normal and recurring in nature, necessary for fair financial statement presentation.The preparation of these consolidated
financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Certain prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements
have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation.
The Company’s fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period that ends on the last Saturday of September. The Company’s fiscal years
2016, 2015 and 2014 ended on September 24, 2016, September 26, 2015 and September 27, 2014, respectively, and each spanned
52 weeks. An additional week is included in the first fiscal quarter approximately every five or six years to realign fiscal quarters with
calendar quarters, which will next occur in the first quarter of the Company's fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Unless otherwise
stated, references to particular years, quarters, months and periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and
the associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years.
During 2016, the Company adopted an accounting standard that simplified the presentation of deferred income taxes by requiring
deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.The Company has adopted
this accounting standard prospectively; accordingly, the prior period amounts in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets within
this Annual Report on Form 10-K were not adjusted to conform to the new accounting standard. The adoption of this accounting
standard was not material to the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
Revenue Recognition
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software, digital content and applications, accessories, and service
and support contracts.The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred,
the sales price is fixed or determinable and collection is probable. Product is considered delivered to the customer once it has been
shipped and title, risk of loss and rewards of ownership have been transferred. For most of the Company’s product sales, these
criteria are met at the time the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S.,
and for certain other sales, the Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product because the Company retains a
portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. For payment terms in excess of the Company’s standard payment terms,
revenue is recognized as payments become due unless the Company has positive evidence that the sales price is fixed or
determinable, such as a successful history of collection, without concession, on comparable arrangements.The Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of hardware products, software bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware
and third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting guidance. The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with industry specific software accounting guidance for the following types of sales
transactions: (i) standalone sales of software products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled with
hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware.
For the sale of most third-party products, the Company recognizes revenue based on the gross amount billed to customers because
the Company establishes its own pricing for such products, retains related inventory risk for physical products, is the primary obligor
to the customer and assumes the credit risk for amounts billed to its customers. For third-party applications sold through the App
Store and Mac App Store and certain digital content sold through the iTunes Store, the Company does not determine the selling
price of the products and is not the primary obligor to the customer. Therefore, the Company accounts for such sales on a net basis
by recognizing in net sales only the commission it retains from each sale. The portion of the gross amount billed to customers that
is remitted by the Company to third-party app developers and certain digital content owners is not reflected in the Company’s
Consolidated Statements of Operations.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K I 44