Note 10 — Commitments and Contingencies
Accrued Warranty and Indemnification
The following table shows changes in the Company’s accrued warranties and related costs for 2016, 2015 and 2014 (in millions):
2016 2015 2014
Beginning accrued warranty and related costs 7$ 4,7807 7$ 4,1597 7$ 2,9677
I Cost of warranty claims (4,663) (4,401) (3,760)
Accruals for product warranty 3,585 5,022 4,952
Ending accrued warranty and related costs :$ 3,702: :$ 4,780: :$ 4,159:
The Company generally does not indemnify end-users of its operating system and application software against legal claims that the
software infringes third-party intellectual property rights. Other agreements entered into by the Company sometimes include
indemnification provisions under which the Company could be subject to costs and/or damages in the event of an infringement
claim against the Company or an indemnified third-party. In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility
the Company may have incurred a material loss with respect to indemnification of end-users of its operating system or application
software for infringement of third-party intellectual property rights.
The Company offers an iPhone Upgrade Program, which is available to customers who purchase a qualifying iPhone in the U.S.,
the UK. and mainland China. The iPhone Upgrade Program provides customers the right to trade in that iPhone for a specified
amount when purchasing a new iPhone, provided certain conditions are met. The Company accounts for the trade-in right as a
guarantee liability and recognizes arrangement revenue net of the fair value of such right with subsequent changes to the guarantee
liability recognized within revenue.
The Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its directors and executive officers. Under these agreements, the
Company has agreed to indemnify such individuals to the fullest extent permitted by law against liabilities that arise by reason of
their status as directors or officers and to advance expenses incurred by such individuals in connection with related legal proceedings.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of payments the Company could be required to make under these
agreements due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each claim.
However, the Company maintains directors and officers liability insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations.
Concentrations in the Available Sources of Supply of Materials and Product
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, a number of
components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various components with
other participants in the markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers.Therefore, many components
used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and
significant pricing fluctuations that could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and new products introduced by the
Company often utilize custom components available from only one source. When a component or product uses new technologies,
initial capacity constraints may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. lfthe Company’s
supply of components for a new or existing product were delayed or constrained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shipments of
completed products to the Company, the Company’s financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
The Company’s business and financial performance could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to
obtain sufficient quantities from the original source, orto identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. Continued
availability of these components at acceptable prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers concentrated on the production
of common components instead of components customized to meet the Company’s requirements.
The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, there can be no guarantee that the
Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to
significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that could materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating
results.
Substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in Asia.
A significant concentration of this manufacturing is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single
locations. Certain of these outsourcing partners are the sole-sourced suppliers of components and manufacturers for many of the
Company’s products.A|though the Company works closely with its outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules, the Company’s
operating results could be adversely affected if its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their production commitments. The
Company’s manufacturing purchase obligations typically cover its requirements for periods up to 150 days.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 65