The Company’s products and services may experience quality problems from time to time that can result in decreased sales
and operating margin and harm to the Company’s reputation.
The Company sells complex hardware and software products and services that can contain design and manufacturing defects.
Sophisticated operating system software and applications, such as those sold by the Company, often contain “bugs” that can
unexpectedly interfere with the software’s intended operation. The Company’s online services may from time to time experience
outages, service slowdowns, or errors. Defects may also occur in components and products the Company purchases from third
parties. There can be no assurance the Company will be able to detect and fix all defects in the hardware, software and services it
sells. Failure to do so could result in lost revenue, significant warranty and other expenses and harm to the Company’s reputation.
The Company relies on access to third-party digital content, which may not be available to the Company on commercially
reasonable terms or at all.
The Company contracts with numerous third parties to offer their digital content to customers. This includes the right to sell currently
available music, movies, TV shows and books. The licensing or other distribution arrangements with these third parties are for
relatively short terms and do not guarantee the continuation or renewal of these arrangements on reasonable terms, if at all. Some
third-party content providers and distributors currently or in the future may offer competing products and services, and could take
action to make it more difficult or impossible for the Company to license or otherwise distribute their content in the future. Other
content owners, providers or distributors may seek to limit the Company’s access to, or increase the cost of, such content. The
Company may be unable to continue to offer a wide variety of content at reasonable prices with acceptable usage rules, or continue
to expand its geographic reach. Failure to obtain the right to make available third-party digital content, or to make available such
content on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating
results.
Some third-party digital content providers require the Company to provide digital rights management and other security solutions.
If requirements change, the Company may have to develop or license new technology to provide these solutions. There is no
assurance the Company will be able to develop or license such solutions at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner. In addition,
certain countries have passed or may propose and adopt legislation that would force the Company to license its digital rights
management, which could lessen the protection of content and subject it to piracy and also could negatively affect arrangements
with the Company’s content providers.
The Company’s future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers.
The Company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third—party
software applications and services. There is no assurance that third-party developers will continue to develop and maintain software
applications and services for the Company’s products. If third-party software applications and services cease to be developed and
maintained for the Company’s products, customers may choose not to buy the Company’s products.
With respect to its Mac products, the Company believes the availability of third—party software applications and services depends
in part on the developers’ perception and analysis of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining and upgrading such software
for the Company’s products compared to Windows-based products. This analysis may be based on factors such as the market
position of the Company and its products, the anticipated revenue that may be generated, expected future growth of Mac sales and
the costs of developing such applications and services. If the Company’s minority share of the global personal computer market
causes developers to question the Mac’s prospects, developers could be less inclined to develop or upgrade software for the
Company’s Mac products and more inclined to devote their resources to developing and upgrading software for the larger Windows
market.
With respect to iOS devices, the Company relies on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software
applications, which are distributed through a single distribution channel, the App Store. iOS devices are subject to rapid technological
change, and, if third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, third-party applications might
not successfully operate and may result in dissatisfied customers.As with applications for the Company’s Mac products, the availability
and development of these applications also depend on developers’ perceptions and analysis of the relative benefits of developing,
maintaining or upgrading software forthe Company’s iOS devices ratherthan its competitors’ platforms, such as Android. If developers
focus their efforts on these competing platforms, the availability and quality of applications for the Company’s iOS devices may
suﬁeh
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K | 11