Income Taxes
The Company records a tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences of its reported operating results.The provision for income
taxes is computed using the asset and liability method, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
future tax consequences of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, and for
operating losses and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the currently enacted tax rates
that apply to taxable income in effect for the years in which those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled.
The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that is believed more likely than not to be
realized.
The Company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be
sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the
financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of
being realized upon ultimate settlement.
Management believes it is more likely than not that forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain
tax planning strategies, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, will be sufficient to fully recover the
deferred tax assets. In the event that the Company determines all or part of the net deferred tax assets are not realizable in the
future, the Company will record an adjustment to the valuation allowance that would be charged to earnings in the period such
determination is made. In addition, the calculation of tax liabilities involves significant judgment in estimating the impact of
uncertainties in the application of GAAP and complex tax laws. Resolution of these uncertainties in a manner inconsistent with
management’s expectations could have a material impact on the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Legal and Other Contingencies
As discussed in Part I, Item 3 of this Form 10-K under the heading “Legal Proceedings” and in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Note 10, “Commitments and Contingencies,” the Company is subject to various
legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company records a liability when it is probable that
a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable, the determination of which requires significant judgment. In the
opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material
loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies for asserted legal and other claims. However, the outcome
of legal proceedings and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty. Therefore, although management
considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company
in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements for
that reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K I 35