APPLE INC.
2014 EMPLOYEE STOCK PLAN
RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD
1. General. These Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Award (these “Terms”) apply to
a particular restricted stock unit award (the “Award”) granted by Apple Inc., a California corporation (the
“Company”), and are incorporated by reference in the Notice of Grant (the “Grant Notice”) corresponding
to that particular grant. The recipient of the Award identified in the Grant Notice is referred to as the
“Participant.” The effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the
“Award Date.” The Award was granted under and is subject to the provisions of the Apple Inc. 2014 Employee
Stock Plan (the “Plan”). Capitalized terms are defined in the Plan if not defined herein. The Award has been
granted to the Participant in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other form of compensation otherwise payable
or to be paid to the Participant. The Grant Notice and these Terms are collectively referred to as the “Award
Agreement” applicable to the Award.
2. Stock Units. As used herein, the term “Stock Unit” shall mean a non-voting unit of measurement
which is deemed for bookkeeping purposes to be equivalent to one outstanding share of the Company’s
Common Stock (“Share”) solely for purposes of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall
be used solely as a device for the determination of the payment to eventually be made to the Participant if
such Stock Units vest pursuant to this Award Agreement. The Stock Units shall not be treated as property
or as a trust fund of any kind.
3. Vesting. Subject to Section 8 below, the Award shall vest and become nonforfeitable as set
forth in the Grant Notice. (Each vesting date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to herein as a “Vesting
Date”).
4. Continuance of Employment. The vesting schedule requires continued employment or service
through each applicable Vesting Date as a condition to the vesting of the applicable installment of the Award
and the rights and benefits under this Award Agreement. Employment or service for only a portion of the
vesting period, even if a substantial portion, will not entitle the Participant to any proportionate vesting or
avoid or mitigate a termination of rights and benefits upon or following a Termination of Service as provided
in Section 8 below and in the Plan.
Nothing contained in this Award Agreement or the Plan constitutes an employment or service
commitment by the Company, affects the Participant’s status as an employee at will who is subject to
termination with or without cause, confers upon the Participant any right to remain employed by or in service
to the Company or any Subsidiary, interferes in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary at
any time to terminate such employment or services, or affects the right of the Company or any Subsidiary
to increase or decrease the Participant’s other compensation or benefits. Nothing in this paragraph, however,
is intended to adversely affect any independent contractual right of the Participant without his or her consent
thereto.
5. Dividend and Voting Rights.
(a) Limitations on Rights Associated with Stock Units. The Participant shall have
no rights as a shareholder of the Company, no dividend rights (except as expressly provided in Section 5(b)
with respect to Dividend Equivalent Rights) and no voting rights, with respect to the Stock Units or any Shares
underlying or issuable in respect of such Stock Units until such Shares are actually issued to and held of
record by the Participant. No adjustments will be made for dividends or other rights of a holder for which the
record date is prior to the date of issuance of the stock certificate or book entry evidencing such Shares.
1