Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the
future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could individually or in the aggregate make the
Company’s products and services less attractive to the Company’s customers, delay the introduction of new products in one or more
regions, or cause the Company to change or limit its business practices. The Company has implemented policies and procedures
designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that the Company’s employees,
contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or the Company’s policies and procedures.
The Company’s business is subject to the risks of international operations.
The Company derives a significant portion of its revenue and earnings from its international operations. Compliance with applicable
US. and foreign laws and regulations, such as import and export requirements, anti-corruption laws, tax laws, foreign exchange
controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, environmental laws, labor laws and anti-competition
regulations, increases the costs of doing business in foreign jurisdictions. Although the Company has implemented policies and
procedures to comply with these laws and regulations, a violation by the Company’s employees, contractors, or agents could
nevertheless occur. In some cases, compliance with the laws and regulations of one country could violate the laws and regulations
of another country. Violations of these laws and regulations could materially adversely affect the Company’s brand, international
growth efforts and business.
The Company also could be significantly affected by other risks associated with international activities including, but not limited to,
economic and labor conditions, increased duties, taxes and other costs and political instability. Margins on sales of the Company’s
products in foreign countries, and on sales of products that include components obtained from foreign suppliers, could be materially
adversely affected by international trade regulations, including duties, tariffs and antidumping penalties.The Company is also exposed
to credit and collectability risk on its trade receivables with customers in certain international markets. There can be no assurance
the Company can effectively limit its credit risk and avoid losses.
The Company’s retail stores have required and will continue to require a substantial investmentand commitment of resources
and are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties.
The Company’s retail stores have required substantial investment in equipment and leasehold improvements, information systems,
inventory and personnel. The Company also has entered into substantial operating lease commitments for retail space. Certain
stores have been designed and built to serve as high-profile venues to promote brand awareness and serve as vehicles for corporate
sales and marketing activities. Because of their unique design elements, locations and size, these stores require substantially more
investment than the Company’s more typical retail stores. Due to the high cost structure associated with the Company’s retail stores,
a decline in sales or the closure or poor performance of individual or multiple stores could result in significant lease termination
costs, write-offs of equipment and leasehold improvements and severance costs.
Many factors unique to retail operations, some of which are beyond the Company’s control, pose risks and uncertainties. These
risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, macro-economic factors that could have an adverse effect on general retail
activity, as well as the Company’s inability to manage costs associated with store construction and operation, the Company’s failure
to manage relationships with its existing retail partners, more challenging environments in managing retail operations outside the
US, costs associated with unanticipated fluctuations in the value of retail inventory, and the Company’s inability to obtain and renew
leases in quality retail locations at a reasonable cost.
Investment in new business strategies and acquisitions could disrupt the Company’s ongoing business and present risks
not originally contemplated.
The Company has invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies or acquisitions. Such endeavors may involve
significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater than expected liabilities
and expenses, inadequate return of capital and unidentified issues not discovered in the Company’s due diligence. These new
ventures are inherently risky and may not be successful.
The Company’s business and reputation may be impacted by information technology system failures or network disruptions.
The Company may be subject to information technology system failures and network disruptions. These may be caused by natural
disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic
break-ins, or other events or disruptions. System redundancy may be ineffective or inadequate, and the Company’s disaster recovery
planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Such failures or disruptions could, among other things, prevent access to the
Company’s online stores and services, preclude retail store transactions, compromise Company or customer data, and result in
delayed or cancelled orders. System failures and disruptions could also impede the manufacturing and shipping of products, delivery
of online services, transactions processing and financial reporting.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 13