(b) Dividend Equivalent Rights Distributions. As of any date that the Company pays
an ordinary cash dividend on its Common Stock, the Company shall credit the Participant with a dollar amount
equal to (i) the per share cash dividend paid by the Company on its Common Stock on such date, multiplied
by (ii) the total number of Stock Units (with such total number adjusted pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan)
subject to the Award that are outstanding immediately prior to the record date for that dividend (a “Dividend
Equivalent Right”). Any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this
Section 5(b) shall be subject to the same vesting, payment and other terms, conditions and restrictions as
the original Stock Units to which they relate; provided, however, that the amount of any vested Dividend
Equivalent Rights shall be paid in cash. No crediting of Dividend Equivalent Rights shall be made pursuant
to this Section 5(b) with respect to any Stock Units which, immediately priorto the record date forthat dividend,
have either been paid pursuant to Section 7 or terminated pursuant to Section 8.
6. Restrictions on Transfer. Except as provided in Section 4(c) of the Plan, neither the Award,
nor any interest therein or amount or Shares payable in respect thereof may be sold, assigned, transferred,
pledged or otherwise disposed of, alienated or encumbered, either voluntarily or involuntarily.
7. Timing and Manner of Payment of Stock Units. On or as soon as administratively practical
following each vesting of the applicable portion of the total Award pursuant to Section 3 or Section 8 (and in
all events not later than two and one-half (2 1/2) months after such vesting event), the Company shall deliver
to the Participant a number of Shares (either by delivering one or more certificates for such Shares or by
entering such Shares in book entry form, as determined by the Company in its discretion) equal to the number
of Stock Units subject to the Award that vest on the applicable Vesting Date, less Tax-Related Items (as
defined in Section 11 below), unless such Stock Units terminate prior to the given Vesting Date pursuant to
Section 8. The Company’s obligation to deliver Shares or otherwise make payment with respect to vested
Stock Units is subject to the condition precedent that the Participant or other person entitled under the Plan
to receive any Shares with respect to the vested Stock Units deliver to the Company any representations or
other documents or assurances required pursuant to Section 13(c) of the Plan. The Participant shall have
no further rights with respect to any Stock Units that are paid or that terminate pursuant to Section 8.
8. Effect of Termination of Service. Except as expressly provided below in this Section 8, the
Participant’s Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights) shall terminate to the extent
such Stock Units have not become vested prior to the Participant’s Termination of Service, meaning the first
date the Participant is no longer employed by or providing services to the Company or one of its Subsidiaries
(the “Severance Date”), regardless of the reason for the Participant’s Termination of Service, whether with
or without cause, voluntarily or involuntarily. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Participant’s
Termination of Service is due to the Participant’s Disability at a time when Stock Units remain outstanding
and unvested under the Award, (a) the Award shall vest with respect to the number of Stock Units determined
by multiplying (i) the number of then-outstanding and unvested Stock Units subject to the Award that would
have otherwise vested pursuant to Section 3 on the next Vesting Date following the Severance Date but for
such Termination of Service, by (ii) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of days that have
elapsed between the Vesting Date that immediately preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a
Termination of Service prior to the initial Vesting Date, the Vesting Commencement Date) and the Severance
Date, and the denominator of which shall be the number of days between the Vesting Date that immediately
preceded the Severance Date (or, in the case of a Termination of Service prior to the initial Vesting Date, the
Vesting Commencement Date) and the next Vesting Date following the Severance Date that would have
occurred but for such Termination of Service; and (b) any Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend
Equivalent Rights) that are not vested after giving effect to the foregoing clause (a) shall terminate on the
Severance Date. Further, in the event the Participant’s Termination of Service is due to the Participant’s
death, any then-outstanding and unvested Stock Units subject to the Award shall be fully vested as of the
Severance Date, and any Dividend Equivalent Rights credited to the Participant shall be paid. If any unvested
Stock Units are terminated hereunder, such Stock Units (as well as the related Dividend Equivalent Rights)
shall automatically terminate and be cancelled as of the applicable Severance Date without payment of any
consideration by the Company and without any other action by the Participant or the Participant’s personal
representative, as the case may be.
2