Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
This section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K ( “Form 10-K”) contain forward-looking statements, within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements
provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions and include any statement that does not directly relate
to any historical or currentfact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by words such as ‘future, ” “anticipates, ” “believes, ”
“estimates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “predicts, ” “will,” “would,” “could,” “can, ” “may,” and similar terms. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future performance and the Company’s actual results may differ significantly from the results
discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those
discussed in Part I, Item 1A of this Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors,” which are incorporated herein by reference. The
following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes thereto included in Part
II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.AII information presented herein is based on the Company’s fiscal calendar. Unless otherwise stated,
references to particular years, quarters, months or periods refer to the Company’s fiscal years ended in September and the
associated quarters, months and periods of those fiscal years. Each of the terms the “Company” and “Apple” as used herein refers
collectively to Apple Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, unless otherwise stated. The Company assumes no obligation to revise
or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required bylaw.
Overview and Highlights
The Company designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers and portable
digital music players, and sells a variety of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions and third-party digital
content and applications. The Company’s products and services include iPhone®, iPad®, Mac®, iPod®, Apple Watch®, Apple TV®, a
portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, iOS, macOSTM, watchOS® and tvOSTM operating systems, iCloud®,
Apple Pay® and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings.The Company sells and delivers digital content and applications
through the iTunes Store®, App Store®, Mac App Store, TV App Store, iBooks StoreTM and Apple Music® (collectively “Internet
Services”).The Company sells its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores and direct sales force, as well as through
third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers. In addition, the Company sells a variety of
third-party Apple compatible products, including application software and various accessories through its retail and online stores.
The Company sells to consumers, small and mid-sized businesses and education, enterprise and government customers.
Fiscal 2016 Highlights
Net sales declined 8% or $18.1 billion during 2016 compared to 2015, primarily driven by a year-over-year decrease in iPhone net
sales and the effect of weakness in most foreign currencies relative to the US. dollar, partially offset by an increase in Services. In
April 2016, the Company announced a significant increase to its capital return program by raising the expected total size of the
program from $200 billion to $250 billion through March 2018.This included increasing its share repurchase authorization from $140
billion to $175 billion and raising its quarterly dividend from $0.52 to $0.57 per share beginning in May 2016. During 2016, the
Company spent $29.0 billion to repurchase shares of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $12.2 billion.
Additionally, the Company issued $23.9 billion of US dollar-denominated term debt and A$1.4 billion of Australian dollar-denominated
term debt during 2016.
Fiscal 2015 Highlights
Net sales rose 28% or $50.9 billion during 2015 compared to 2014, driven by a year-over-year increase in iPhone net sales. iPhone
net sales and unit sales in 2015 increased in all of the Company’s reportable operating segments. The Company also experienced
year-over-year net sales increases in Mac, Services and Other Products. Apple Watch, which launched during the third quarter of
2015, accounted for more than 100% of the year-over-year growth in net sales of Other Products. Net sales growth during 2015 was
partially offset by the effect of weakness in most foreign currencies relative to the US. dollar and lower iPad net sales.Tota| net sales
increased in each of the Company’s reportable operating segments, with particularly strong growth in Greater China where year-
over-year net sales increased 84%.
In April 2015, the Company announced a significant increase to its capital return program by raising the expected total size of the
program to $200 billion through March 2017. This included increasing its share repurchase authorization to $140 billion and raising
its quarterly dividend to $0.52 per share beginning in May 2015. During 2015, the Company spent $36.0 billion to repurchase shares
of its common stock and paid dividends and dividend equivalents of $11.6 billion. Additionally, the Company issued $14.5 billion of
US. dollar-denominated, €4.8 billion of euro-denominated, SFr1.3 billion of Swiss franc-denominated, £1.3 billion of British pound-
denominated, A$2.3 billion of Australian dollar-denominated and ¥250.0 billion of Japanese yen-denominated term debt during 2015.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K I 22