The Company’s business may be impacted by political events, war, terrorism, public health issues, natural disasters and
other business interruptions.
War, terrorism, geopolitical uncertainties, public health issues and other business interruptions have caused and could cause damage
or disruption to international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a material adverse effect on the Company,
its suppliers, logistics providers, manufacturing vendors and customers, including channel partners. The Company’s business
operations are subject to interruption by, among others, natural disasters, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, fire,
power shortages, nuclear power plant accidents and other industrial accidents, terrorist attacks and other hostile acts, labor disputes,
public health issues and other events beyond its control. Such events could decrease demand for the Company’s products, make
it difficult or impossible for the Company to make and deliver products to its customers, including channel partners, or to receive
components from its suppliers, and create delays and inefficiencies in the Company’s supply chain. While the Company's suppliers
are required to maintain safe working environments and operations, an industrial accident could occur and could result in disruption
to the Company's business and harm to the Company's reputation. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise,
the Company could be adversely affected by more stringent employee travel restrictions, additional limitations in freight services,
governmental actions limiting the movement of products between regions, delays in production ramps of new products and disruptions
in the operations of the Company’s manufacturing vendors and component suppliers.The majority of the Company’s R&D activities,
its corporate headquarters, information technology systems and other critical business operations, including certain component
suppliers and manufacturing vendors, are in locations that could be affected by natural disasters. In the event of a natural disaster,
the Company could incur significant losses, require substantial recovery time and experience significant expenditures in order to
resume operations.
The Company expects its quarterly revenue and operating results to fluctuate.
The Company’s profit margins vary across its products and distribution channels. The Company’s software, accessories, and service
and support contracts generally have higher gross margins than certain of the Company’s other products. Gross margins on the
Company’s hardware products vary across product lines and can change over time as a result of product transitions, pricing and
configuration changes, and component, warranty, and other cost fluctuations. The Company’s direct sales generally have higher
associated gross margins than its indirect sales through its channel partners. In addition, the Company’s gross margin and operating
margin percentages, as well as overall profitability, may be materially adversely impacted as a result of a shift in product, geographic
or channel mix, component cost increases, the strengthening US. dollar, price competition, or the introduction of new products,
including those that have higher cost structures with flat or reduced pricing.
The Company has typically experienced higher net sales in its first quarter compared to other quarters due in part to seasonal
holiday demand. Additionally, new product introductions can significantly impact net sales, product costs and operating expenses.
Further, the Company generates a majority of its net sales from a single product and a decline in demand for that product could
significantly impact quarterly net sales. The Company could also be subject to unexpected developments late in a quarter, such as
lower-than-anticipated demand for the Company’s products, issues with new product introductions, an internal systems failure, or
failure of one of the Company’s logistics, components supply, or manufacturing partners.
The Company’s stock price is subject to volatility.
The Company’s stock price has experienced substantial price volatility in the past and may continue to do so in the future.Additionally,
the Company, the technology industry and the stock market as a whole have experienced extreme stock price and volume fluctuations
that have affected stock prices in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Price volatility
over a given period may cause the average price at which the Company repurchases its own stock to exceed the stock’s price at a
given point in time. The Company believes its stock price should reflect expectations of future growth and profitability. The Company
also believes its stock price should reflect expectations that its cash dividend will continue at current levels or grow and that its
current share repurchase program will be fully consummated. Future dividends are subject to declaration by the Company’s Board
of Directors, and the Company’s share repurchase program does not obligate it to acquire any specific number of shares. If the
Company fails to meet expectations related to future growth, profitability, dividends, share repurchases or other market expectations,
its stock price may decline significantly, which could have a material adverse impact on investor confidence and employee retention.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 15