iPod
iPod is the Company’s line of portable digital music and media players, which includes iPod touch, iPod nano® and iPod shuffle®.
All iPods work with iTunes to purchase and synchronize content. iPod touch, based on the Company’s iOS operating system, is a
flash-memory-based iPod that works with the iTunes Store, App Store and iBooks Store for purchasing and playing digital content
and apps.
Developer Programs
The Company’s developer programs support app developers with building, testing and distributing apps for iOS, macOS, watchOS
and tvOS. Developer program membership provides access to beta software and advanced app capabilities (e.g.,
CloudKit®, HealthKitTM and Apple Pay), the ability to test apps using TestFlight®, distribution on the App Store, access to App Analytics
and code-level technical support. Developer programs also exist for businesses creating apps for internal use (the Apple Developer
Enterprise Program) and developers creating accessories for Apple devices (the MFi Program). All developers, even those who are
not developer program members, can sign in with their Apple ID to post on the Apple Developer Forums and use Xcode®, the
Company’s integrated development environment for creating apps for Apple platforms. Xcode includes project management tools;
analysis tools to collect, display and compare app performance data; simulation tools to locally run, test and debug apps; and tools
to simplify the design and development of user interfaces. All developers also have access to extensive technical documentation
and sample code.
Markets and Distribution
The Company’s customers are primarily in the consumer, small and mid-sized business, education, enterprise and government
markets. The Company sells its products and resells third-party products in most of its major markets directly to consumers and
small and mid-sized businesses through its retail and online stores and its direct sales force. The Company also employs a variety
of indirect distribution channels, such as third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers and value-added resellers. During
2016, the Company’s net sales through its direct and indirect distribution channels accounted for 25% and 75%, respectively, of total
net sales.
The Company believes that sales of its innovative and differentiated products are enhanced by knowledgeable salespersons who
can convey the value of the hardware and software integration and demonstrate the unique solutions that are available on its products.
The Company further believes providing direct contact with its targeted customers is an effective way to demonstrate the advantages
of its products over those of its competitors and providing a high-quality sales and after-sales support experience is critical to
attracting new and retaining existing customers.
To ensure a high-quality buying experience for its products in which service and education are emphasized, the Company continues
to build and improve its distribution capabilities by expanding the number of its own retail stores worldwide. The Company’s retail
stores are typically located at high-traffic locations in quality shopping malls and urban shopping districts. By operating its own stores
and locating them in desirable high-traffic locations the Company is better positioned to ensure a high quality customer buying
experience and attract new customers. The stores are designed to simplify and enhance the presentation and marketing of the
Company’s products and related solutions.The retail stores employ experienced and knowledgeable personnel who provide product
advice, service and training and offer a wide selection of third-party hardware, software and other accessories that complement the
Company’s products.
The Company has also invested in programs to enhance reseller sales by placing high-quality Apple fixtures, merchandising materials
and other resources within selected third-party reseller locations. Through the Apple Premium Reseller Program, certain third-party
resellers focus on the Apple platform by providing a high level of product expertise, integration and support services.
The Company is committed to delivering solutions to help educators teach and students learn. The Company believes effective
integration of technology into classroom instruction can result in higher levels of student achievement and has designed a range of
products, services and programs to address the needs of education customers. The Company also supports mobile learning and
real-time distribution of, and access to, education related materials through iTunes U, a platform that allows students and teachers
to share and distribute educational media online. The Company sells its products to the education market through its direct sales
force, select third-party resellers and its retail and online stores.
The Company also sells its hardware and software products to enterprise and government customers in each of its reportable
operating segments. The Company’s products are deployed in these markets because of their performance, productivity, ease of
use and seamless integration into information technology environments. The Company’s products are compatible with thousands
of third-party business applications and services, and its tools enable the development and secure deployment of custom applications
as well as remote device administration.
No single customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales in 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 4