To help protect the net investment in a foreign operation from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the Company
may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts to offset the changes in the carrying amounts of these investments
due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, the Company may use non-derivative financial instruments, such
as its foreign currency-denominated debt, as economic hedges of its net investments in certain foreign subsidiaries. In both of these
cases, the Company designates these instruments as net investment hedges.
The Company may also enter into non-designated foreign currency contracts to partially offset the foreign currency exchange gains
and losses generated by the re-measurement of certain assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies.
The Company may enter into interest rate swaps, options, or other instruments to manage interest rate risk. These instruments may
offset a portion of changes in income or expense, or changes in fair value of the Company’s term debt or investments.The Company
designates these instruments as either cash flow or fair value hedges. The Company’s hedged interest rate transactions as of
September 24, 2016 are expected to be recognized within 10 years.
Cash Flow Hedges
The effective portions of cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI until the hedged item is recognized in earnings. Deferred gains
and losses associated with cash flow hedges of foreign currency revenue are recognized as a component of net sales in the same
period as the related revenue is recognized, and deferred gains and losses related to cash flow hedges of inventory purchases are
recognized as a component of cost of sales in the same period as the related costs are recognized. Deferred gains and losses
associated with cash flow hedges of interest income or expense are recognized in other income/(expense), net in the same period
as the related income or expense is recognized. The ineffective portions and amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing of
cash flow hedges are recognized in other income/(expense), net.
Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges must be de-designated as hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged
transaction will not occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two-month time period. Deferred gains and
losses in AOCI associated with such derivative instruments are reclassified immediately into other income/(expense), net. Any
subsequent changes in fair value of such derivative instruments are reflected in other income/(expense), net unless they are re-
designated as hedges of other transactions.
Net Investment Hedges
The effective portions of net investment hedges are recorded in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) as a part of the cumulative
translation adjustment. The ineffective portions and amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing of net investment hedges are
recognized in other income/(expense), net.
Fair Value Hedges
Gains and losses related to changes in fair value hedges are recognized in earnings along with a corresponding loss or gain related
to the change in value of the underlying hedged item.
Non-Designated Derivatives
Derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are adjusted to fair value through earnings in the financial statement
line item to which the derivative relates.
The Company records all derivatives in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value. The Company’s accounting treatment for
these derivative instruments is based on its hedge designation. The following tables show the Company’s derivative instruments at
gross fair value as of September 24, 2016 and September 26, 2015 (in millions):
2016
Fair Value of Fair Value of
Derivatives Designated Derivatives Not Designated Total
as Hedge Instruments as Hedge Instruments Fair Value
Derivative assets (1): 7 7 7 7 7 7
Foreign exchange contracts $ 518 $ 153 $ 671
Interest rate contracts $ 728 $ — $ 728
Derivative liabilities (2): I
Foreign exchange contracts $ 935 $ 134 $ 1,069
Interest rate contracts $ 7 $ — $ 7
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 51