The Company relies on access to third-party intellectual property, which may not be available to the Company on commercially
reasonable terms or at all.
Many of the Company’s products include third-party intellectual property, which requires licenses from those third parties. Based
on past experience and industry practice, the Company believes such licenses generally can be obtained on reasonable terms.
There is, however, no assurance that the necessary licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or at all. Failure to obtain the
right to use third-party intellectual property, or to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms, could preclude
the Company from selling certain products or otherwise have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial condition and
operating results.
The Company could be impacted by unfavorable results of legal proceedings, such as being found to have infringed on
intellectual property rights.
The Company is subject to various legal proceedings and claims that have not yet been fully resolved and that have arisen in the
ordinary course of business, and additional claims may arise in the future.
For example, technology companies, including many of the Company’s competitors, frequently enter into litigation based on
allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to
monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. The intellectual property rights claims against the Company have
generally increased over time and may continue to increase. In particular, the Company's cellular enabled products compete with
products from mobile communication and media device companies that hold significant patent portfolios, and the Company has
faced a significant number of patent claims against it. The Company is vigorously defending infringement actions in courts in a
number of US. jurisdictions and before the US. International Trade Commission, as well as internationally in various countries. The
plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages.
Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or other intellectual property rights, or the merits of any claims by potential or
actual litigants, the Company may have to engage in protracted litigation. If the Company is found to infringe one or more patents
or other intellectual property rights, regardless ofwhether it can develop non-infringing technology, it may be required to pay substantial
damages or royalties to a third-party, or it may be subject to a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting the Company from
marketing or selling certain products.
In certain cases, the Company may consider the desirability of entering into licensing agreements, although no assurance can be
given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These licenses may also significantly
increase the Company’s operating expenses.
Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to the Company’s operations
and distracting to management. In recognition of these considerations, the Company may enter into arrangements to settle litigation.
In management’s opinion, there is not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material
loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to loss contingencies, including matters related to infringement of intellectual
property rights. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain.
Although management considers the likelihood of such an outcome to be remote, if one or more legal matters were resolved against
the Company in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial
statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. Further, such an outcome could result in significant
compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive
relief against the Company that could materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating results.
The Company is subject to laws and regulations worldwide, changes to which could increase the Company’s costs and
individually or in the aggregate adversely affect the Company’s business.
The Company is subject to laws and regulations affecting its domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These
US. and foreign laws and regulations affect the Company’s activities including, but not limited to, in areas of labor, advertising, digital
content, consumer protection, real estate, billing, e-commerce, promotions, quality of services, telecommunications, mobile
communications and media, television, intellectual property ownership and infringement, tax, import and export requirements, anti-
corruption, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, environmental,
health and safety.
By way of example, laws and regulations related to mobile communications and media devices in the many jurisdictions in which
the Company operates are extensive and subject to change. Such changes could include, among others, restrictions on the
production, manufacture, distribution and use of devices, locking devices to a carrier’s network, or mandating the use of devices on
more than one carrier’s network. These devices are also subject to certification and regulation by governmental and standardization
bodies, as well as by cellular network carriers for use on their networks. These certification processes are extensive and time
consuming, and could result in additional testing requirements, product modifications, or delays in product shipment dates, or could
preclude the Company from selling certain products.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K I 12