Products
iPhone
iPhone is the Company’s line of smartphones based on its iOS operating system. iPhone includes Siri®, a voice activated intelligent
assistant, and Apple Pay and Touch ID® on qualifying devices. In September 2016, the Company introduced iPhone 7 and 7 Plus,
featuring new camera systems, immersive stereo speakers and water and dust resistance. During the third quarter of 2016, the
Company also began selling iPhone SE, which has a 4-inch Retina® display. iPhone works with the iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks
Store and Apple Music for purchasing, organizing and playing digital content and apps.
iPad
iPad is the Company’s line of multi-purpose tablets based on its iOS operating system, which includes iPad ProTM, iPad Air® and
iPad miniTM. iPad includes Siri and also includes Touch ID on qualifying devices. iPad works with the iTunes Store, App Store, iBooks
Store and Apple Music for purchasing, organizing and playing digital content and apps.
Mac
Mac is the Company’s line of desktop and portable personal computers based on its macOS operating system. The Company’s
desktop computers include iMac®, 21.5” iMac with Retina 4K display, 27” iMac with Retina 5K display, Mac Pro® and Mac mini®. The
Company’s portable computers include MacBook®, MacBook Air®, MacBook Pro® and MacBook Pro with Retina display.
Operating System Software
iOS
iOS is the Company’s Multi-TouchTM operating system that serves as the foundation for iOS devices. Devices running iOS are
compatible with both Mac and Windows personal computers and Apple’s iCloud services. In September 2016, the Company released
iOS 10, which introduces the ability for Siri to do more by working with apps, updates Messages, includes redesigned Maps, Photos,
Apple Music and News apps, and the Home app, which provides a way to manage home automation products in one place.
macOS
macOS is the Company’s Mac operating system and is built on an open-source UNIX-based foundation and provides an intuitive
and integrated computer experience. Support for iCloud is built into macOS so users can access content and information from Mac,
iOS devices and other supported devices and access downloaded content and apps from the iTunes Store. macOS Sierra, released
in September 2016, is the 13th major release of macOS and incorporates Siri and Apple Pay on the Mac, improves continuity and
document access across Apple devices and includes the new Memories feature in Photos.
watchOS
watchOS is the Company’s operating system for Apple Watch. Released in September 2016, watchOS 3 provides improved
performance with the ability to launch favorite apps instantly, enhanced navigation with the new Dock and new fitness and health
capabilities for Apple Watch, including the Breathe app designed to promote exercises for relaxation and stress reduction.
tvOS
tvOS is the Company's operating system for Apple TV. The tvOS operating system is based on the Company’s iOS platform and
enables developers to create new apps and games specifically for Apple TV and deliver them to customers through the Apple TV
App Store. The new tvOS, released in September 2016, incorporates new Siri capabilities that allow searching across more apps
and services.
Application Software
The Company’s application software includes iLife®, iWork® and various other software, including Final Cut Pro®, Logic® Pro X and
FileMaker® Pro. iLife is the Company’s consumer-oriented digital lifestyle software application suite included with all Mac computers
and features iMovie®, a digital video editing application, and GarageBand®, a music creation application that allows users to play,
record and create music. iWork is the Company’s integrated productivity suite included with all Mac computers and is designed to
help users create, present and publish documents through Pages®, presentations through Keynote® and spreadsheets through
Numbers®. The Company also has Multi-Touch versions of iLife and iWork applications designed specifically for use on iOS devices,
which are available as free downloads for all new iOS devices.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 2