Backlog
In the Company’s experience, the actual amount of product backlog at any particular time is not a meaningful indication of its future
business prospects. In particular, backlog often increases immediately following new product introductions as customers anticipate
shortages. Backlog is often reduced once customers believe they can obtain sufficient supply. Because of the foregoing, backlog
should not be considered a reliable indicator of the Company’s ability to achieve any particular level of revenue or financial
performance.
Employees
As of September 24, 2016, the Company had approximately 116,000 full-time equivalent employees.
Available Information
The Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments
to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The Company is subject to the informational requirements of the
Exchange Act and files or furnishes reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information
filed by the Company with the SEC are available free of charge on the Company’s website at investoLapple.com[se,c,cfm when such
reports are available on the SEC’s website. The public may read and copy any materials filed by the Company with the SEC at the
SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549.The public may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains
reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gg.
The contents of these websites are not incorporated into this filing. Further, the Company’s references to website URLs are intended
to be inactive textual references only.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 7