of such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan and/or the subsequent holding of Shares
on the Participant’s behalf to a broker or to other third party with whom the Participant may elect to deposit
any Shares acquired under the Plan (whether pursuant to the Award or otherwise).
14. Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing and
addressed to the Company at its principal office to the attention of the Secretary, and to the Participant at
the Participant’s last address reflected on the Company’s records, or at such other address as either party
may hereafter designate in writing to the other. Any such notice shall be given only when received, but if the
Participant is no longer an employee of the Company, shall be deemed to have been duly given by the
Company when enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as aforesaid, registered or certified, and
deposited (postage and registry or certification fee prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly
maintained by the United States Government.
15. Plan. The Award and all rights of the Participant under this Award Agreement are subject to the
terms and conditions of the provisions of the Plan, incorporated herein by reference. The Participant agrees
to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Award Agreement. The Participant acknowledges having read
and understood the Plan, the Prospectus forthe Plan, and this Award Agreement. Unless otherwise expressly
provided in other sections of this Award Agreement, provisions of the Plan that confer discretionary authority
on the Board or the Committee do not (and shall not be deemed to) create any rights in the Participant unless
such rights are expressly set forth herein or are otherwise in the sole discretion of the Board orthe Committee
so conferred by appropriate action of the Board or the Committee under the Plan after the date hereof.
16. Entire Agreement. This Award Agreement and the Plan together constitute the entire agreement
and supersede all prior understandings and agreements, written or oral, of the parties hereto with respect
to the subject matter hereof. The Plan and this Award Agreement may be amended pursuant to Section 15
of the Plan. Such amendment must be in writing and signed by the Company. The Company may, however,
unilaterally waive any provision hereof in writing to the extent such waiver does not adversely affect the
interests of the Participant hereunder, but no such waiver shall operate as or be construed to be a subsequent
waiver of the same provision or a waiver of any other provision hereof.
17. Limitation on the Participant’s Rights. Participation in the Plan confers no rights or interests
other than as herein provided. This Award Agreement creates only a contractual obligation on the part of the
Company as to amounts payable and shall not be construed as creating a trust. Neither the Plan nor any
underlying program, in and of itself, has any assets. The Participant shall have only the rights of a general
unsecured creditor of the Company with respect to amounts credited and benefits payable, if any, with respect
to the Stock Units, and rights no greater than the right to receive the Common Stock as a general unsecured
creditor with respect to Stock Units, as and when payable hereunder.
18. Counterparts. This Award Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and
the same instrument.
19. Section Headings. The section headings of this Award Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and shall not be deemed to alter or affect any provision hereof.
20. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in
accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to conflict of law principles thereunder.
21. ChoiceiqLVenue. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from
the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or this Award Agreement, the parties hereby submit to
the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in
the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the Northern District of California, and
no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed.
5