Competition
The markets for the Company’s products and services are highly competitive and the Company is confronted by aggressive
competition in all areas of its business. These markets are characterized by frequent product introductions and rapid technological
advances that have substantially increased the capabilities and use of mobile communication and media devices, personal computers
and other digital electronic devices. The Company’s competitors that sell mobile devices and personal computers based on other
operating systems have aggressively cut prices and lowered their product margins to gain or maintain market share. The Company’s
financial condition and operating results can be adversely affected by these and other industry-wide downward pressures on gross
margins. Principal competitive factors important to the Company include price, product features (including security features), relative
price and performance, product quality and reliability, design innovation, a strong third-party software and accessories ecosystem,
marketing and distribution capability, service and support and corporate reputation.
The Company is focused on expanding its market opportunities related to personal computers and mobile communication and media
devices. These markets are highly competitive and include many large, well-funded and experienced participants. The Company
expects competition in these markets to intensify significantly as competitors attempt to imitate some of the features of the Company’s
products and applications within their own products or, alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer solutions that are more
competitive than those they currently offer. These markets are characterized by aggressive pricing practices, frequent product
introductions, evolving design approaches and technologies, rapid adoption of technological and product advancements by
competitors and price sensitivity on the part of consumers and businesses.
The Company’s digital content services have faced significant competition from other companies promoting their own digital music
and content products and services, including those offering free peer-to-peer music and video services.
The Company’s future financial condition and operating results depend on the Company’s ability to continue to develop and offer
new innovative products and services in each of the markets in which it competes.The Company believes it offers superior innovation
and integration of the entire solution including the hardware (iOS devices, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV), software (iOS, macOS,
watchOS and tvOS), online services and distribution of digital content and applications (Internet Services). Some of the Company’s
current and potential competitors have substantial resources and may be able to provide such products and services at little or no
profit or even at a loss to compete with the Company’s offerings.
Supply of Components
Although most components essential to the Company’s business are generally available from multiple sources, a number of
components are currently obtained from single or limited sources. In addition, the Company competes for various components with
other participants in the markets for mobile communication and media devices and personal computers.Therefore, many components
used by the Company, including those that are available from multiple sources, are at times subject to industry-wide shortage and
significant pricing fluctuations that could materially adversely affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
The Company uses some custom components that are not commonly used by its competitors, and the Company often utilizes
custom components available from only one source.When a component or product uses new technologies, initial capacity constraints
may exist until the suppliers’ yields have matured or manufacturing capacity has increased. If the Company’s supply of components
were delayed or constrained, or if an outsourcing partner delayed shipments of completed products to the Company, the Company’s
financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected.The Company’s business and financial performance
could also be materially adversely affected depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities from the original source,
or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities from an alternative source. Continued availability of these components at acceptable
prices, or at all, may be affected if those suppliers concentrated on the production of common components instead of components
customized to meet the Company’s requirements.
The Company has entered into agreements for the supply of many components; however, there can be no guarantee that the
Company will be able to extend or renew these agreements on similar terms, or at all. Therefore, the Company remains subject to
significant risks of supply shortages and price increases that could materially adversely affect its financial condition and operating
results.
While some Mac computers are manufactured in the US. and Ireland, substantially all of the Company’s hardware products are
currently manufactured by outsourcing partners that are located primarily in Asia. A significant concentration of this manufacturing
is currently performed by a small number of outsourcing partners, often in single locations. Certain of these outsourcing partners
are the sole-sourced suppliers of components and manufacturers for many of the Company’s products. Although the Company works
closely with its outsourcing partners on manufacturing schedules, the Company’s operating results could be adversely affected if
its outsourcing partners were unable to meet their production commitments. The Company’s manufacturing purchase obligations
typically cover its requirements for periods up to 150 days.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 5