Valuation and Impairment of Marketable Securities
The Company’s investments in available-for-sale securities are reported at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses related to changes
in the fair value of securities are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax, in the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Changes in the fairvalue of available-for-sale securities impact the Company’s net income only when such securities
are sold or an other-than-temporary impairment is recognized. Realized gains and losses on the sale of securities are determined
by specific identification of each security’s cost basis. The Company regularly reviews its investment portfolio to determine if any
security is other-than-temporarily impaired, which would require the Company to record an impairment charge in the period any
such determination is made. In making this determination, the Company evaluates, among other things, the duration and extent to
which the fair value of a security is less than its cost; the financial condition of the issuer and any changes thereto; and the Company’s
intent to sell, or whether it will more likely than not be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. The
Company’s assessment of whether a security is other-than-temporarily impaired could change in the future due to new developments
or changes in assumptions related to any particular security, which would have an adverse impact on the Company’s operating
results.
Inventory Valuation, Valuation of Manufacturing-Related Assets and Estimation of Purchase Commitment Cancellation Fees
The Company must purchase components and build inventory in advance of product shipments and has invested in manufacturing-
related assets, including capital assets held at its suppliers’ facilities. In addition, the Company has made prepayments to certain
of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements to secure supply of inventory components. The Company records a
write-down for inventories of components and products, including third-party products held for resale, which have become obsolete
or are in excess of anticipated demand or net realizable value. The Company performs a detailed review of inventory that considers
multiple factors including demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels and component
cost trends.The Company also reviews its manufacturing-related capital assets and inventory prepayments for impairment whenever
events or circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. If the Company determines that an
asset is not recoverable, it records an impairment loss equal to the amount by which the carrying value of such an asset exceeds
its fair value.
The industries in which the Company competes are subject to a rapid and unpredictable pace of product and component obsolescence
and demand changes. In certain circumstances the Company may be required to record additional write-downs of inventory and/
or impairments of manufacturing-related assets or inventory prepayments. These circumstances include future demand or market
conditions for the Company’s products being less favorable than forecasted, unforeseen technological changes or changes to the
Company’s product development plans that negatively impact the utility of any of these assets, or significant deterioration in the
financial condition of one or more of the Company’s suppliers that hold any of the Company’s manufacturing-related assets or to
whom the Company has made an inventory prepayment. Such write-downs would adversely affect the Company’s financial condition
and operating results in the period when the additional write-downs were recorded.
The Company accrues for estimated purchase commitment cancellation fees related to inventory orders that have been cancelled
or are expected to be cancelled. Consistent with industry practice, the Company acquires components through a combination of
purchase orders, supplier contracts, and open orders in each case based on projected demand. Manufacturing purchase obligations
typically cover the Company’s forecasted component and manufacturing requirements for periods up to 150 days. If there is an
abrupt and substantial decline in demand for one or more ofthe Company’s products, a change in the Company’s product development
plans, or an unanticipated change in technological requirements for any of the Company’s products, the Company may be required
to record additional accruals for cancellation fees that would adversely affect its results of operations in the period when the
cancellation fees were identified and recorded.
Warranty Costs
The Company accrues for the estimated cost of warranties in the period the related revenue is recognized based on historical and
projected warranty claim rates, historical and projected cost-per—claim and knowledge of specific product failures that are outside
of the Company’s typical experience. The Company regularly reviews these estimates and the current installed base of products
subject to warranty protection to assess the appropriateness of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary.
If actual product failure rates or repair costs differ from estimates, revisions to the estimated warranty liabilities would be required
and could materially affect the Company’s financial condition and operating results.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 34