(a) withholding from any wages or other cash compensation payable to the Participant
by the Company and/or the Employer;
(b) withholding otherwise deliverable Shares and/or from otherwise payable Dividend
Equivalent Rights to be issued or paid upon vesting/settlement of the Award;
(0) arranging for the sale of Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant (on the
Participant’s behalf and at the Participant’s direction pursuant to this authorization), including selling
Shares as part of a block trade with other Participants in the Plan; or
(d) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired upon vesting/
settlement of the Award.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Participant is an officer of the Company who is subject
to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, then the Company must satisfy any withholding obligations arising
upon the occurrence of a taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, by withholding Shares
otherwise deliverable or an amount othenNise payable upon settlement of Dividend Equivalent Rights
pursuant to method (b), unless the Board or the Committee determines in its discretion to satisfy the
obligation for Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of methods (a), (b), (c), and (d) above.
Depending on the withholding method, the Company may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding amounts or other applicable withholding rates,
including maximum applicable rates. If the maximum rate is used, any over-withheld amount will be refunded
to the Participant in cash by the Company or Employer (with no entitlement to the Common Stock equivalent)
or if not refunded, the Participant may seek a refund from the local tax authorities. If the obligation for Tax-
Related Items is satisfied by withholding a number of Shares as described herein, for tax purposes, the
Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Stock Units,
notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related
Items. The Participant shall pay to the Company and/or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that
the Company and/or the Employer may be required to withhold or account for as a result of the Participant’s
participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the means previously described. The Company may
refuse to issue or deliver to the Participant any Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares if the Participant
fails to comply with the Participant’s obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.
12. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance. The Company may, in its sole discretion, deliver any
documents related to the Award by electronic means or request the Participant’s consent to participate in
the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive all applicable documentation by
electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-Iine (and/or voice activated) system established
and maintained by the Company or a third party vendor designated by the Company.
13. Data Privacy. The Participant acknowledges and consents to the collection, use, processing
and transfer of personal data as described in this Section 13. The Company, its related entities, and the
Employer hold certain personal information about the Participant, including the Participant’s name, home
address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number or other employee identification number,
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all options or any
other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, purchased, vested, unvested or outstanding in the
Participant’s favor, for the purpose of managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). The Company and its
related entities may transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementation,
administration and management of the Participant’s participation in the Plan, and the Company and its related
entities may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting the Company or any such related entity
in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Participant acknowledges that the
transferors and transferees of such Data may be located anywhere in the world and hereby authorizes each
of them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the purposes
of implementing, administering and managing the Participant’s participation in the Plan, including any transfer
4