The Company records deferred revenue when it receives payments in advance of the delivery of products or the performance of
services. This includes amounts that have been deferred for unspecified and specified software upgrade rights and non-software
services that are attached to hardware and software products. The Company sells gift cards redeemable at its retail and online
stores, and also sells gift cards redeemable on iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, TV App Store and iBooks Store for the
purchase of digital content and software. The Company records deferred revenue upon the sale of the card, which is relieved upon
redemption of the card by the customer. Revenue from AppleCare service and support contracts is deferred and recognized over
the service coverage periods. AppleCare service and support contracts typically include extended phone support, repair services,
web-based support resources and diagnostic tools offered under the Company’s standard limited warranty.
The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price protection and other customer incentive
programs. For transactions involving price protection, the Company recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to be refunded.
For the Company’s other customer incentive programs, the estimated cost of these programs is recognized at the later of the date
at which the Company has sold the product or the date at which the program is offered. The Company also records reductions to
revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company’s historical experience. Revenue is recorded net of taxes collected
from customers that are remitted to governmental authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to
the relevant government authority.
Revenue Recognition for Arrangements with Multiple Deliverables
For multi-element arrangements that include hardware products containing software essential to the hardware product’s functionality,
undelivered software elements that relate to the hardware product’s essential software, and undelivered non-software services, the
Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, the Company uses a
hierarchy to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of
fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best estimate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally
exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately and is the price actually charged by the Company for that deliverable.
ESPs reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-
alone basis. For multi-element arrangements accounted for in accordance with industry specific software accounting guidance, the
Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on the VSOE of each element, and if VSOE does not exist revenue is recognized
when elements lacking VSOE are delivered.
For sales of qualifying versions of iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may
from time to time provide future unspecified software upgrades to the device’s essential software and/or non-software services free
of charge.The Company has identified up to three deliverables regularly included in arrangements involving the sale of these devices.
The first deliverable, which represents the substantial portion of the allocated sales price, is the hardware and software essential
to the functionality of the hardware device delivered at the time of sale. The second deliverable is the embedded right included with
qualifying devices to receive on a when-and-if-available basis, future unspecified software upgrades relating to the product’s essential
software. The third deliverable is the non-software services to be provided to qualifying devices. The Company allocates revenue
between these deliverables using the relative selling price method. Because the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for these
deliverables, the allocation of revenue is based on the Company’s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the delivered hardware and the
related essential software is recognized at the time of sale provided the other conditions for revenue recognition have been met.
Revenue allocated to the embedded unspecified software upgrade rights and the non-software services is deferred and recognized
on a straight-line basis over the estimated period the software upgrades and non-software services are expected to be provided.
Cost of sales related to delivered hardware and related essential software, including estimated warranty costs, are recognized at
the time of sale. Costs incurred to provide non-software services are recognized as cost of sales as incurred, and engineering and
sales and marketing costs are recognized as operating expenses as incurred.
The Company’s process for determining its ESP for deliverables without VSOE or TPE considers multiple factors that may vary
depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable including, where applicable, prices charged by the
Company and market trends in the pricing for similar offerings, product specific business objectives, length of time a particular
version of a device has been available, estimated cost to provide the non-software services and the relative ESP of the upgrade
rights and non-software services as compared to the total selling price of the product.
Shipping Costs
Amounts billed to customers related to shipping and handling are classified as revenue, and the Company’s shipping and handling
costs are classified as cost of sales.
Warranty Costs
The Company generally provides for the estimated cost of hardware and software warranties in the period the related revenue is
recognized. The Company assesses the adequacy of its accrued warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary based
on actual experience and changes in future estimates.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 45