Revenue Recognition
Net sales consist primarily of revenue from the sale of hardware, software, digital content and applications, accessories, and service
and support contracts.The Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred,
the sales price is fixed or determinable and collection is probable. Product is considered delivered to the customer once it has been
shipped and title, risk of loss and rewards of ownership have been transferred. For most of the Company’s product sales, these
criteria are met at the time the product is shipped. For online sales to individuals, for some sales to education customers in the U.S.,
and for certain other sales, the Company defers revenue until the customer receives the product because the Company retains a
portion of the risk of loss on these sales during transit. For payment terms in excess of the Company’s standard payment terms,
revenue is recognized as payments become due unless the Company has positive evidence that the sales price is fixed or
determinable, such as a successful history of collection, without concession, on comparable arrangements.The Company recognizes
revenue from the sale of hardware products, software bundled with hardware that is essential to the functionality of the hardware
and third-party digital content sold on the iTunes Store in accordance with general revenue recognition accounting guidance. The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with industry-specific software accounting guidance for the following types of sales
transactions: (i) standalone sales of software products, (ii) sales of software upgrades and (iii) sales of software bundled with
hardware not essential to the functionality of the hardware.
For multi-element arrangements that include hardware products containing software essential to the hardware product’s functionality,
undelivered software elements that relate to the hardware product’s essential software and/or undelivered non-software services,
the Company allocates revenue to all deliverables based on their relative selling prices. In such circumstances, the Company uses
a hierarchy to determine the selling price to be used for allocating revenue to deliverables: (i) vendor-specific objective evidence of
fair value (“VSOE”), (ii) third-party evidence of selling price (“TPE”) and (iii) best estimate of selling price (“ESP”). VSOE generally
exists only when the Company sells the deliverable separately and is the price actually charged by the Company for that deliverable.
ESPs reflect the Company’s best estimates of what the selling prices of elements would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-
alone basis.
For sales of qualifying versions of iOS devices, Mac, Apple Watch and Apple TV, the Company has indicated it may from time to
time provide future unspecified software upgrades to the device’s essential software and/or non-software services free of charge.
Because the Company has neither VSOE nor TPE for the unspecified software upgrade rights or the non-software services, revenue
is allocated to these rights and services based on the Company’s ESPs. Revenue allocated to the unspecified software upgrade
rights and non-software services based on the Company’s ESPs is deferred and recognized on a straight-line basis overthe estimated
period the software upgrades and non-software services are expected to be provided.
The Company’s process for determining ESPs involves management’s judgment and considers multiple factors that may vary over
time depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. Should future facts and circumstances change,
the Company’s ES Ps and the future rate of related amortization for unspecified software upgrades and non-software services related
to future sales of these devices could change. Factors subject to change include the unspecified software upgrade rights and non-
software services offered, the estimated value of unspecified software upgrade rights and non-software services and the estimated
period unspecified software upgrades and non-software services are expected to be provided.
The Company records reductions to revenue for estimated commitments related to price protection and other customer incentive
programs. For transactions involving price protection, the Company recognizes revenue net of the estimated amount to be refunded,
provided the refund amount can be reasonably and reliably estimated and the other conditions for revenue recognition have been
met. The Company’s policy requires that, if refunds cannot be reliably estimated, revenue is not recognized until reliable estimates
can be made or the price protection lapses. For the Company’s other customer incentive programs, the estimated cost is recognized
at the later of the date at which the Company has sold the product or the date at which the program is offered. The Company also
records reductions to revenue for expected future product returns based on the Company’s historical experience. Future market
conditions and product transitions may require the Company to increase customer incentive programs that could result in reductions
to future revenue. Additionally, certain customer incentive programs require management to estimate the number of customers who
will actually redeem the incentive. Management’s estimates are based on historical experience and the specific terms and conditions
of particular incentive programs. If a greater than estimated proportion of customers redeems such incentives, the Company would
be required to record additional reductions to revenue, which would have an adverse impact on the Company’s operating results.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 33