The Company markets certain mobile communication and media devices based on the iOS mobile operating system and also
markets related services, including third-party digital content and applications.The Company faces substantial competition in these
markets from companies that have significant technical, marketing, distribution and other resources, as well as established hardware,
software and digital content supplier relationships; and the Company has a minority market share in the global smartphone market.
Additionally, the Company faces significant price competition as competitors reduce their selling prices and attempt to imitate the
Company’s product features and applications within their own products or, alternatively, collaborate with each other to offer solutions
that are more competitive than those they currently offer. The Company competes with business models that provide content to
users for free. The Company also competes with illegitimate means to obtain third-party digital content and applications. Some of
the Company’s competitors have greater experience, product breadth and distribution channels than the Company. Because some
current and potential competitors have substantial resources and/or experience and a lower cost structure, they may be able to
provide products and services at little or no profit or even at a loss.The Company also expects competition to intensify as competitors
attempt to imitate the Company’s approach to providing components seamlessly within their individual offerings or work collaboratively
to offer integrated solutions. The Company’s financial condition and operating results depend substantially on the Company’s ability
to continually improve iOS and iOS devices in order to maintain their functional and design advantages.
The Company is the only authorized maker of hardware using macOS, which has a minority market share in the personal computer
market. This market has been contracting and is dominated by computer makers using competing operating systems, most notably
Windows. In the market for personal computers and accessories, the Company faces a significant number of competitors, many of
which have broader product lines, lower priced products and a larger installed customer base. Historically, consolidation in this
market has resulted in larger competitors. Price competition has been particularly intense as competitors have aggressively cut
prices and lowered product margins. An increasing number of internet-enabled devices that include software applications and are
smaller and simpler than traditional personal computers compete for market share with the Company’s existing products. The
Company’s financial condition and operating results also depend on its ability to continually improve the Mac platform to maintain
its functional and design advantages.
There can be no assurance the Company will be able to continue to provide products and services that compete effectively.
To remain competitive and stimulate customer demand, the Company must successfully manage frequent product
introductions and transitions.
Due to the highly volatile and competitive nature of the industries in which the Company competes, the Company must continually
introduce new products, services and technologies, enhance existing products and services, effectively stimulate customer demand
for new and upgraded products and successfully manage the transition to these new and upgraded products. The success of new
product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful product development,
market acceptance, the Company’s ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues, the availability
of application software for new products, the effective management of purchase commitments and inventory levels in line with
anticipated product demand, the availability of products in appropriate quantities and at expected costs to meet anticipated demand
and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects or deficiencies in the early stages of introduction. Accordingly, the
Company cannot determine in advance the ultimate effect of new product introductions and transitions.
The Company depends on the performance of distributors, carriers and other resellers.
The Company distributes its products through cellular network carriers, wholesalers, national and regional retailers and value-added
resellers, many of whom distribute products from competing manufacturers. The Company also sells its products and third-party
products in most of its major markets directly to education, enterprise and government customers and consumers and small and
mid-sized businesses through its online and retail stores.
Some carriers providing cellular network service for iPhone subsidize users’ purchases of the device. There is no assurance that
such subsidies will be continued at all or in the same amounts upon renewal of the Company’s agreements with these carriers or
in agreements the Company enters into with new carriers.
Many resellers have been adversely affected in the past by weak economic conditions.The Company has invested and will continue
to invest in programs to enhance reseller sales, including staffing selected resellers’ stores with Company employees and contractors,
and improving product placement displays.These programs could require a substantial investment while providing no assurance of
return or incremental revenue. The financial condition of these resellers could weaken, these resellers could stop distributing the
Company’s products, or uncertainty regarding demand for some or all of the Company’s products could cause resellers to reduce
their ordering and marketing of the Company’s products.
Apple Inc. I 2016 Form 10-K | 9