9. Recoupment. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, the Award and any Shares or other
amount or property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration
that may be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, shall be subject
to any recoupment, “clawback” or similar provisions of applicable law, as well as any recoupment or“clawback”
policies of the Company that may be in effect from time to time. In addition, the Company may require the
Participant to deliver or otherwise repay to the Company the Award and any Shares or other amount or
property that may be issued, delivered or paid in respect of the Award, as well as any consideration that may
be received in respect of a sale or other disposition of any such Shares or property, if the Company reasonably
determines that one or more of the following has occurred:
(a) during the period of the Participant’s employment or service with the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (the “Employment Period”), the Participant has committed a felony (under the
laws of the United States or any relevant state, or a similar crime or offense under the
applicable laws of any relevant foreign jurisdiction);
(b) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or
engaged in a breach of confidentiality, or an unauthorized disclosure or use of inside
information, customer lists, trade secrets or other confidential information of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries;
(c) during the Employment Period or at any time thereafter, the Participant has committed or
engaged in an act of theft, embezzlement or fraud, or materially breached any agreement
to which the Participant is a party with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.
10. Adjustments Upon Specified Events. Upon the occurrence of certain events relating to the
Company’s stock contemplated by Section 11 of the Plan (including, without limitation, an extraordinary cash
dividend on such stock), the Committee shall make adjustments in accordance with such section in the
number of Stock Units then outstanding and the number and kind of securities that may be issued in respect
of the Award. No such adjustment shall be made with respect to any ordinary cash dividend for which Dividend
Equivalent Rights are credited pursuant to Section 5(b).
11. Responsibility for Taxes. The Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action the
Company and/or the Participant’s employer (the “Employer”) take with respect to any or all income tax
(including US. federal, state and local tax and/or non-U.S. tax), social insurance, payroll tax, payment on
account or other tax-related items related to the Participant’s participation in the Plan and legally applicable
to the Participant or deemed by the Company or the Employer to be an appropriate charge to the Participant
even if technically due by the Company or the Employer (“Tax-Related Items”), the ultimate liability for all
Tax-Related Items is and remains the Participant’s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld
by the Company or the Employer. The Participant further acknowledges that the Company and/or the
Employer (i) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in
connection with any aspect of the Award, including the grant of the Stock Units, the vesting of the Stock Units,
the delivery of Shares, the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired at vesting and the receipt of any dividends
and/or Dividend Equivalent Rights; and (ii) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the
terms of the grant or any aspect of the Award to reduce or eliminate the Participant’s liability for Tax-Related
Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Participant is or becomes subject to tax in more
than one jurisdiction, the Participant acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one
jurisdiction.
Prior to the relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, the Participant shall pay
or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company and/or the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In
this regard, the Participant authorizes the Company and/or the Employer, or their respective agents, at their
discretion and pursuant to such procedures as they may specify from time to time, to satisfy any applicable
withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related Items by one or a combination of the following:
3