Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The Company records its allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of various factors, including historical
experience, age of the accounts receivable balances, credit quality of the Company’s customers, current economic conditions and
other factors that may affect the customers’ abilities to pay.
Inventories
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost, computed using the first-in, first-out method and net realizable value. Any adjustments
to reduce the cost of inventories to their net realizable value are recognized in earnings in the current period. As of September 24,
2016 and September 26, 2015, the Company’s inventories consist primarily of finished goods.
Property, Plant and Equipment
Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is computed by use of the straight-line method over the estimated
useful lives of the assets, which for buildings is the lesser of 30 years or the remaining life of the underlying building; between one
to five years for machinery and equipment, including product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; and the shorter of lease
terms or useful life for leasehold improvements. The Company capitalizes eligible costs to acquire or develop internal-use software
that are incurred subsequent to the preliminary project stage. Capitalized costs related to internal-use software are amortized using
the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range from three to five years. Depreciation and
amortization expense on property and equipment was $8.3 billion, $9.2 billion and $6.9 billion during 2016, 2015 and 2014,
respectively.
Long-Lived Assets Including Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets
The Company reviews property, plant and equipment, inventory component prepayments and identifiable intangibles, excluding
goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, for impairment. Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets
is measured by comparison of their carrying amounts to future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If
property, plant and equipment, inventory component prepayments and certain identifiable intangibles are considered to be impaired,
the impairment to be recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the assets exceeds its fair value.
The Company does not amortize goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, rather such assets are required to be
tested for impairment at least annually or sooner whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets may be
impaired. The Company performs its goodwill and intangible asset impairment tests in the fourth quarter of each year. The Company
did not recognize any impairment charges related to goodwill or indefinite lived intangible assets during 2016, 2015 and 2014. For
purposes of testing goodwill for impairment, the Company established reporting units based on its current reporting structure.
Goodwill has been allocated to these reporting units to the extent it relates to each reporting unit. In 2016 and 2015, the Company’s
goodwill was primarily allocated to the Americas and Europe reporting units.
The Company amortizes its intangible assets with definite useful lives over their estimated useful lives and reviews these assets
for impairment. The Company typically amortizes its acquired intangible assets with definite useful lives over periods from three to
seven years.
Fair Value Measurements
The Company applies fair value accounting for all financial assets and liabilities and non-financial assets and liabilities that are
recognized or disclosed at fair value in the financial statements on a recurring basis. The Company defines fair value as the price
that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at
the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities, which are required to be recorded
at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the
market-based risk measurements or assumptions that market participants would use to price the asset or liability, such as risks
inherent in valuation techniques, transfer restrictions and credit risk. Fair value is estimated by applying the following hierarchy, which
prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest
level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:
Level 1 — Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
Level 2 — Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities, quoted prices for identical
or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market
data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.
Level 3 — Inputs that are generally unobservable and typically reflect management’s estimate of assumptions that market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K I 48