2003 Employee Stock Plan
The 2003 Plan is a shareholder approved plan that provided for broad-based equity grants to employees, including executive officers.
The 2003 Plan permitted the granting of incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, RSUs, stock appreciation rights, stock
purchase rights and performance-based awards. Options granted under the 2003 Plan generally expire seven to ten years after the
grant date and generally become exercisable over a period of four years, based on continued employment, with either annual, semi-
annual or quarterly vesting. RSUs granted underthe 2003 Plan generally vest overtwo to four years, based on continued employment
and are settled upon vesting in shares of the Company’s common stock on a one-for-one basis. All RSUs, other than RSUs held by
the Chief Executive Officer, granted under the 2003 Plan have DERs. DERs are subject to the same vesting and other terms and
conditions as the corresponding unvested RSUs. DERs are accumulated and paid when the underlying shares vest. In the second
quarter of 2014, the Company terminated the authority to grant new awards under the 2003 Plan.
1997 Director Stock Plan
The 1997 Director Stock Plan (the “Director Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan that (i) permits the Company to grant awards of
RSUs or stock options to the Company’s non-employee directors, (ii) provides for automatic initial grants of RSUs upon a non-
employee directorjoining the Board of Directors and automatic annual grants of RSUs at each annual meeting of shareholders, and
(iii) permits the Board of Directors to prospectively change the relative mixture of stock options and RSUs for the initial and annual
award grants and the methodology for determining the number of shares of the Company’s common stock subject to these grants
without shareholder approval. Each share issued with respect to RSUs granted under the Director Plan reduces the number of
shares available for grant under the plan by two shares.The Director Plan expires November 9, 2019. All RSUs granted under the
Director Plan are entitled to DERs. DERs are subject to the same vesting and other terms and conditions as the corresponding
unvested RSUs. DERs are accumulated and paid when the underlying shares vest. As of September 24, 2016, approximately 1.1
million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Director Plan.
Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans
During the three months ended September 24, 2016, Section 16 officers Timothy D. Cook, Angela Ahrendts, Luca Maestri, Daniel
Riccio, Philip Schiller and Jeffrey Williams had equitytrading plans in place in accordance with Rule 10b5-1(c)(1) underthe Exchange
Act. An equity trading plan is a written document that pre-establishes the amounts, prices and dates (or formula for determining the
amounts, prices and dates) of future purchases or sales of the Company’s stock, including shares acquired pursuant to the Company’s
employee and director equity plans.
Employee Stock Purchase Plan
The Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “Purchase Plan”) is a shareholder approved plan under which substantially all employees
may purchase the Company’s common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to 85% of the lower of the fair market
values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of six-month offering periods.An employee’s payroll deductions underthe Purchase
Plan are limited to 10% of the employee’s compensation and employees may not purchase more than $25,000 of stock during any
calendar year. As of September 24, 2016, approximately 47.0 million shares were reserved for future issuance under the Purchase
Plan.
401 (k) Plan
The Company’s 401(k) Plan is a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. Under the 401
(k) Plan, participating U.S. employees may defer a portion of their pre-tax earnings, up to the IRS annual contribution limit ($18,000
for calendar year 2016). The Company matches 50% to 100% of each employee’s contributions, depending on length of service,
up to a maximum 6% of the employee’s eligible earnings.
Apple Inc. | 2016 Form 10-K l 63