Overview Strategic report Governance
IFC—19 | 20—59 | 60-71 [ @023 ] 8 3
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
INTERNALLY GENERATED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Research costs are charged to the consolidated income statement in the year in which they are incurred.
Product development costs incurred on new vehicle platforms, engines, transmission and new products are recognised as
intangible assets, when feasibility has been established, the Group has committed technical, ﬁnancial and other resources
to complete the development and it is probable that the asset will generate future economic benefits.
The costs capitalised include the cost of materials, direct labour and directly attributable overhead expenditure incurred
up to the date the asset is available for use.
Interest cost incurred is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use, based on borrowings incurred
specifically for financing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings if no specific borrowings have been
incurred for the asset.
Product development cost is amortised over a period of between two and ten years.
Capitalised development expenditure is measured at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment loss.
Amortisation is not recorded on product development in progress until development is complete.
IMPAIRMENT
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether there is any indication that any property, plant and equipment and
intangible assets may be impaired. If any such impairment indicator exists the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to
determine the extent of impairment, if any. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset,
the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash—generating unit to which the asset belongs.
Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually,
or earlier, if there is an indication that the asset may be impaired.
The estimated recoverable amount is the higher offair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre—tax discount rate that reflects current
market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash
flows have not been adjusted.
If the recoverable amount of an asset (or cash—generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying
amount of the asset (or cash—generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised
immediately in the consolidated income statement.
An annual impairment review for heritage assets is performed and any impairment in the carrying value is recognised
immediately in the consolidated income statement.
EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTMENTS: JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
The requirements of IAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement are applied to determine whether it
is necessary to recognise any impairment loss with respect to the Group’s investment in an associate orjoint venture.
When necessary, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance
with IAS 36 Impairment of Assets as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (the higher of value in use and fair
value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment loss recognised forms part of the carrying amount
of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with IAS 36 to the extent that the
recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits and highly liquid investments with an original maturity
of up to three months that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and which are subject to insignificant risk of
changes in value.
INVENTORIES
Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost of raw materials and consumables are ascertained
on a first—in, first—out basis. Costs, including fixed and variable production overheads, are allocated to work—in—progress and
finished goods determined on a full absorption cost basis. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
course of business less estimated cost of completion and selling expenses.
Inventories include vehicles sold subject to repurchase arrangements. These vehicles are carried at cost to the Group and are
amortised in changes in stocks and work—in—progress to their residual values (i.e. estimated second—hand sale value) over the
term of the arrangement.