8 6 | JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC
Annual Report 2015—16
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTI N U ED
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
These are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.
DETERMINATION OF FAIR VALUE
Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated
using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or liability, the Group takes into account the
characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the
asset or liability at the measurement date. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group determines the fair value of financial
instruments that are quoted in active markets using the quoted bid prices (financial assets held) or quoted ask prices (financial
liabilities held) and using valuation techniques for other instruments. Valuation techniques include discounted cash flow
method and other valuation models.
DERECOGNITION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expires or it
transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Group
neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred
asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the asset and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the
Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to
recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.
Financial liabilities are derecognised when they are extinguished, that is when the obligation is discharged, cancelled or
has expired.
When a financial instrument is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss in equity (if any) is transferred to the consolidated
income statement.
IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
The Group assesses at each balance sheet date whether there is objective evidence that a financial asset, other than those
at fair value through profit or loss, or a group of financial assets is impaired. A financial asset is considered to be impaired
if objective evidence indicates that one or more events have had a negative effect on the estimated future cash flows of
that asset.
Loans and receivables: Objective evidence of impairment includes default in payments with respect to amounts receivable
from customers, significant financial difficulty of the customer or bankruptcy. Impairment loss in respect of loans and
receivables is calculated as the difference between their carrying amount and the present value of the estimated future
cash flows discounted at the original effective interest rate. Such impairment loss is recognised in the consolidated income
statement. If the amount of an impairment loss decreases in a subsequent year, and the decrease can be related objectively to
an event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is reversed. The reversal is
recognised in the consolidated income statement.
Equity investments: A significant or prolonged decline in the fair value of the security below its cost is also evidence that the
assets are impaired. If any such evidence exists the cumulative loss, measured as the difference between the acquisition cost
and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in profit or loss is removed
from equity and recognised in profit and loss. Impairment losses recognised in the consolidated income statement on equity
instruments are not reversed through the consolidated income statement.
HEDGE ACCOUNTING
The Group uses foreign currency forward contracts and options to hedge its risks associated with foreign currency fluctuations
relating to highly probable forecast transactions. The Group designates these forward contracts and options in a cash flow
hedging relationships by applying hedge accounting principles under IAS 39.
These forward contracts and options are stated at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet at each reporting date.
Changes in the fair value of these forward contracts and options that are designated and effective as hedges of future cash
flows are recognised in other comprehensive income (net oftax), and any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the
consolidated income statement. Amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated
income statement in the periods in which the forecasted transactions affect profit or loss.
For options, the time value is not a designated component ofthe hedge, and therefore all changes in fair value related to the
time value of the instrument are recognised immediately in the consolidated income statement.
Hedge accounting is discontinued when the hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated, exercised, or no longer qualifies
for hedge accounting. For forecast transactions, any cumulative gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised in other
comprehensive income is retained there until the forecast transaction affects profit or loss.
If the forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the net cumulative gain or loss recognised in other comprehensive
income is immediately transferred to the consolidated income statement.