8 2 | JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC
Annual Report 2015—16
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTI N U ED
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost of acquisition or construction less accumulated depreciation and accumulated
impairment, if any.
Cost includes purchase price, non—recoverable taxes and duties, labour cost and direct overheads for self—constructed assets
and other direct costs incurred up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use.
Interest cost incurred for constructed assets is capitalised up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use, based on
borrowings incurred speciﬁcally for ﬁnancing the asset or the weighted average rate of all other borrowings, if no speciﬁc
borrowings have been incurred for the asset.
Depreciation is provided on a straight—line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Estimated useful lives of the
assets are as follows:
Class of property, plant and equipment Estimated useful life (years) ‘
Buildings 20 to 40
Plant and equipment 3 to 30
Computers 3 to 6
Vehicles 3 to 10
Furniture and ﬁxtures 3 to 20
Assets held under ﬁnance leases are depreciated over their expected useful lives on the same basis as owned assets or,
where shorter, the term of the relevant lease. Freehold land is measured at cost and is not depreciated. Heritage assets
are not depreciated as they are considered to have a residual value in excess of cost. Residual values are re—assessed on an
annual basis.
Depreciation is not recorded on assets under construction until construction and installation is complete and the asset is
ready for its intended use. Assets under construction include capital prepayments.
INTANGIBLE ASSETS
ACQUIRED INTANGIBLE ASSETS
Intangible assets purchased, including those acquired in business combinations, are measured at acquisition cost which is the
fair value on the date of acquisition, where applicable, less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment, if any.
Intangible assets with indeﬁnite lives are reviewed annually to determine whether an indeﬁnite—life assessment continues
to be supportable. If not, the change in the useful—life assessment from indeﬁnite to ﬁnite is made on a prospective basis.
For intangible assets with deﬁnite lives, amortisation is provided on a straight—line basis over the estimated useful lives
of the acquired intangible assets as per the estimated amortisation periods below:
Class of intangible asset Estimated amortisation period (years) I
Patents and technological know-how 2 to 12
Customer-related — dealer network 20
Software 2 to 8
Intellectual property/Lights and other intangibles Indeﬁnite life
The amortisation for intangible assets with ﬁnite useful lives is reviewed at least at each year—end. Changes in expected useful
lives are treated as changes in accounting estimates.
Capital—work—in—progress includes capital advances.
Customer—related intangibles acquired in a business combination consist of dealer networks.
Intellectual property rights and other intangibles consist of brand names, which are considered to have indeﬁnite lives due
to the longevity of the brands.