Overview Strategic report Governance
ti—19 | 20—59 | 60-71 [ @023 I :I. 2 9
NOTES TO THE PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
42 INVESTMENTS
Investments consist of the following:
2016 2015 2014 '
£9? £9? 59L
Cost of unquoted equity investments at beginning and end of year 1,655 1,655 1,655
The Company has not made any investments or disposals of investments in the year.
The Company has the following 100 per cent direct interest in the ordinary shares of a subsidiary undertaking:
l Principal place of business and I
Subsidiary undertaking country of incorporation Principal activity A
Jjguar Land Rover Holdings Limited England and Wales Holding company
The shareholding above is recorded at acquisition value in the Company’s accounts. Details of the indirect subsidiary
undertakings are as follows, each being a 100 per cent indirect interest in the ordinary share capital of the Jaguar Land Rover
Holdings Limited:
l Principal place of business and I
bl_ams=—_9tc_camp_a9y €9_u_r1t_ry_°£i9_0_°_rpgtatioy Etiqcipakasfciyjtv .
Manufacture and sale of
Jaguar Land Rover Limited England and Wales motor vehicles
Jaguar e Land Rover Brasil IndL’Jstria e Comércio de Veiculos
Ltda (change of name from Jaguar e Land Rover Brasil Manufacturing, distribution
lmportacao e Comercia de Veiculos Ltda) Brazil and sales
Jaguar Land Rover (South Africa) (Pty) Limited South Africa Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Australia Pty Ltd Australia Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Austria GmbH Austria Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Trading (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. China Distribution and sales
Shanghai Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Service Co. Ltd China Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Belux N.V. Belgium Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Canada, ULC Canada Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Deutschland GmbH Germany Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Espana SL Spain Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover France SAS France Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover India Limited India Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Italia SpA Italy Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Japan Limited Japan Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Korea Co. Ltd. Korea Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Nederland BV Holland Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover North America, LLC. USA Distribution and sales
Jaguar Land Rover Portugal-Veiculos e Pecas, Lda. Portugal Distribution and sales
Limited Liability Company ‘Jaguar Land Rover’ (Russia) Russia Distribution and sales