8 8 | JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC
Annual Report 2015—16
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTI N U ED
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
IFRS 9 Financial Instruments addresses the classiﬁcation, measurement and recognition of ﬁnancial assets and ﬁnancial
liabilities. The complete version of IFRS 9 was issued in July 2014. It replaces the guidance in IAS 39 that relates to the
classiﬁcation and measurement ofﬁnancial instruments. IFRS 9 retains but simpliﬁes the mixed measurement model
and establishes three primary measurement categories for ﬁnancial assets: amortised cost, fair value through other
comprehensive income and fair value through proﬁt or loss. The basis of classiﬁcation depends on the entity’s business
model and contractual cash flow characteristics of the ﬁnancial asset. Investments in equity instruments are required to be
measured at fair value through proﬁt or loss with the irrevocable option at inception to present changes in fair value in other
comprehensive income. There is now a new expected credit losses modelthat replaces the incurred loss model used in IAS
39. For ﬁnancial liabilities there were no changes to classiﬁcation and measurement except for the recognition of changes
in own credit risk in other comprehensive income, for liabilities designated at fair value through proﬁt or loss. IFRS 9 relaxes
the requirements for hedge effectiveness by replacing the bright line hedge effectiveness tests. It requires an economic
relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument and for the ‘hedged ratio’ to be the same as the one
management actually use for the risk management process. Contemporaneous documentation is still required but is different
to that currently prepared under IAS 39. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018 and
earlier application is permitted subject to EU endorsement. The Group is assessing the impact of IFRS 9 and expects it to have
a signiﬁcant impact on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
The amendments to IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements, IFRS 12 Disclosure of Interests in Other Entities and IAS
28 Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures (2011) relate to investment entities. The amendment is effective for
annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2016 and earlier application is permitted subject to EU endorsement. JLR, its
subsidiaries and its parent do not meet the deﬁnition of an ‘investment entity’ and therefore the amendment is not applicable.
IFRS 16 speciﬁes how an IFRS reporter will recognise, measure, present and disclose leases. The standard provides a single
lessee accounting model, requiring lessees to recognise assets and liabilities for all leases unless the lease term is 12 months
or less or the underlying asset has a low value. Lessors continue to classify leases as operating or ﬁnance, with IFRS 16’s
approach to lessor accounting substantially unchanged from its predecessor, IAS 17. The standard is effective for annual
periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019 and earlier application is permitted subject to EU endorsement and the adoption
of IFRS 15. The Group is assessing the impact of IFRS 16 and expects it to have a signiﬁcant impact on the consolidated
ﬁnancial statements.
IAS 12 Income taxes has been amended to clarify the treatment of deferred tax on debt held at fair value and clarify details on
recognition of deferred tax assets. The amendment is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017, with
early adoption permitted. These amendments do not have any impact on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
IAS 7 has been amended to require additional disclosure to help users evaluate changes in borrowings. The amendment
is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2017 and earlier application is permitted subject to EU
endorsement. The Group expects to include a net debt reconciliation within its disclosures following the adoption of
this standard.
3 EXCEPTIONAL ITEM
The exceptional item of £157 million for the year ended 31 March 2016 relates to the full ﬁnancial year impact of the explosion
at the port of Tianjin (China) in August 2015. A provision of £245 million against the carrying value of inventory (ﬁnished goods)
was recorded in the second quarter ended 30 September 2015, based on the Group’s assessment of the physical condition
of the vehicles involved. Subsequent to that, insurance proceeds of £55 million have been received, together with the
conclusion of further assessments of the condition ofthe remaining vehicles, which had led to a reversal of £33 million of the
initial provision.
The process for ﬁnalising ongoing insurance claims may take some months to conclude, so further insurance and other
potential recoveries will only be recognised in future periods when received or conﬁrmed as receivable.
Due to the size of the provision recorded, the charge together with the associated tax impact has been disclosed as an
exceptional item. Any future recoveries will similarly be recognised as a reversal of that charge through exceptional items.