Overview Strategic report Governance
lFC—19 | 20—59 | 60-71 [ @039 ] 1
31 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
The Group operates deﬁned beneﬁt schemes for qualifying employees of certain of its subsidiaries. The UK deﬁned beneﬁt
schemes are administered by a trustee that is legally separated from the Company. The trustee of the pension schemes
is required by law to act in the interest of the fund and of all relevant stakeholders in the schemes, is responsible for the
investment policy with regard to the assets of the schemes and all other governance matters. The board of the trustee must
be composed of representatives of the Company and scheme participants in accordance with each scheme’s regulations.
Under the schemes, the employees are entitled to post—retirement beneﬁts based on their length of service and salary.
Through its deﬁned beneﬁt pension schemes the Group is exposed to a number of risks, the most signiﬁcant of which are
detailed below:
ASSET VOLATILITY
The scheme liabilities are calculated using a discount rate set with reference to corporate bond yields; if scheme assets under
perform these corporate bonds, this will create or increase a deﬁcit. The deﬁned beneﬁt schemes hold a signiﬁcant proportion
of equity type assets, which are expected to outperform corporate bonds in the long term although introducing volatility and
risk in the short term.
As the schemes mature, the Group intends to reduce the level of investment risk by investing more in assets that better match
the liabilities.
However, the Group believes that due to the long—term nature of the scheme liabilities and the strength ofthe supporting
group, a level of continuing equity type investments is an appropriate element of the Group’s long—term strategy to manage
the schemes efﬁciently.
CHANGES IN BOND YIELDS
A decrease in corporate bond yields will increase scheme liabilities, although this is expected to be partially offset by an
increase in the value of the schemes’ bond holdings and interest rate hedging instruments.
INFLATION RISK
Some ofthe Group pension obligations are linked to inflation, and higher inflation will lead to higher liabilities (although, in most
cases, caps on the level of inflationary increases are in place to protect the scheme against extreme inflation). The schemes
hold a signiﬁcant proportion of assets in index linked gilts, together with other inflation hedging instruments and also assets
which are more loosely correlated with inflation. However, an increase in inflation will also increase the deﬁcit to some degree.
LIFE EXPECTANCY
The majority of the scheme’s obligations are to provide beneﬁts for the life of the member, so increases in life expectancy
will result in an increase in the scheme’s liabilities. This is particularly signiﬁcant in the UK deﬁned beneﬁt schemes, where
inflationary increases result in higher sensitivity to changes in life expectancy.
The following tables set out the disclosures pertaining to the retirement beneﬁt amounts recognised in the ﬁnancial statements:
CHANGE IN PRESENT VALUE OF DEFINED BENEFIT OBLIGATION
l 2016 2015 2014 '
Year ended 31 March £m £m Em A
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation at beginning of year 7,883 6,053 6,021
Current service cost 224 168 176
Interest expense 263 274 262
Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from:
Changes in demographic assumptions (36) (20) (39)
Changes in ﬁnancial assumptions (569) 1,454 (243)
Experience adjustments 63 101 8
Past service cost — 1 6
Exchange differences on foreign schemes 3 — (2)
Member contributions 2 2 1
Beneﬁts paid (165) (149) (137)
Other adjustments — (1) —
Deﬁned beneﬁt obligation at end of year 7,668 7,883 6,053