8 4 | JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC
Annual Report 2015—16
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTI N U ED
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
PROVISIONS
A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can
be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic beneﬁts will be required to settle the obligation.
Provisions are held for product warranties, legal and product liabilities, residual risks and environmental risks as detailed
in note 26 to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN (‘LTIP’)
The Group operates a LTIP arrangement for certain employees. The scheme provides a cash payment to the employee
based on a speciﬁc number of phantom shares at grant date and the share price of Tata Motors Limited at the vesting date,
subject to proﬁtability and employment conditions. These are accounted for as cash—settled arrangements, whereby a
liability is recognised at fair value at the date of grant, using a Black—Scholes model. At each balance sheet date until the
liability is settled, the fair value of the liability is remeasured, with any changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
income statement.
LEASES
At the inception of a lease, the lease arrangement is classiﬁed as either a ﬁnance lease or an operating lease, based on the
terms and substance of the lease arrangement.
ASSETS TAKEN ON FINANCE LEASE
A ﬁnance lease is recognised as an asset and a liability at the commencement of the lease, at the lower of the fair value of the
asset and the present value of the minimum lease payments. Initial direct costs, if any, are also capitalised and, subsequent to
initial recognition, the asset is accounted for in accordance with the accounting policy applicable to that asset. Minimum lease
payments made under ﬁnance leases are apportioned between the ﬁnance expense and the reduction of the outstanding
liability. The ﬁnance expense is allocated to each year during the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of
interest on the remaining balance of the liability.
ASSETS TAKEN ON OPERATING LEASE
Leases other than ﬁnance leases are operating leases, and the leased assets are not recognised on the Group’s balance sheet.
Payments made under operating leases are recognised in the consolidated income statement on a straight—line basis over the
term of the lease in ‘Other expenses’.
EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
PENSION PLANS
The Group operates several deﬁned beneﬁt pension plans, which were previously contracted out of the second state pension
scheme until 5 April 2016. The assets ofthe plans are held in separate trustee administered funds. The plans provide for
monthly pension after retirement based on salary and service as set out in the rules of each plan.
Contributions to the plans by the Group take into consideration the results of actuarial valuations. The plans with a surplus
position at the balance sheet date have been limited to the maximum economic beneﬁt available from unconditional rights to
refund from the scheme or reduction in future contributions. Where the subsidiary group is considered to have a contractual
obligation to fund the pension plan above the accounting value of the liabilities, an onerous obligation is recognised.
The UK deﬁned beneﬁt schemes were closed to newjoiners in April 2010.
For deﬁned beneﬁt retirement beneﬁt schemes, the cost of providing beneﬁts is determined using the projected unit credit
method, with actuarial valuations being carried out at the end of each reporting period.
Remeasurement comprising actuarial gains and losses, the effect of the asset ceiling and the return on scheme assets
(excluding interest) are recognised immediately in the balance sheet with a charge or credit to the consolidated statement
of comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. Remeasurement recorded in the statement of comprehensive
income is not recycled.
Past service cost, including curtailment gains and losses, is generally recognised in proﬁt or loss in the period of scheme
amendment. Net interest is calculated by applying the discount rate at the beginning of the period to the net deﬁned
beneﬁt liability.