Overview | Strategic report | Governance [ ] 1 1 7
IFC—19 20—59 60-71 m
34 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
Financial instruments held at fair value are required to be measured by reference to the following levels.
- Quoted prices in an active market (Level 1): This level of hierarchy includes financial instruments that are measured by
reference to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities;
- Valuation techniques with observable inputs (Level 2): This level of hierarchy includes financial assets and liabilities measured
using inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e.
as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices);
- Valuation techniques with significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): This level of hierarchy includes financial assets and
liabilities measured using inputs that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs). Fair values are
determined in whole or in part using avaluation model based on assumptions that are neither supported by prices from
observable current market transactions in the same instrument nor are they based on available market data.
There has been no change in the valuation techniques adopted or any transfers between fair value levels.
The financial instruments that are measured subsequent to initial recognition at fair value are classified as Level 2 fair
value measurements, as defined by IFRS 13, being those derived from inputs other than quoted prices that are observable.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
on entity specific estimates. Fair value of forward derivative financial assets and liabilities are estimated by discounting
expected future contractual cash flows using prevailing market interest rate curves from Reuters. Commodity swap contracts
are similarly fair valued by discounting expected future contractual cash flows. Option contracts on foreign currency are
entered into on a zero cost collar basis and fair value estimates are calculated from standard Black—Scholes options pricing
methodology, using prevailing market interest rates and volatilities.
Additionally, a Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA)/ Debit Value Adjustment (DVA) is taken on derivative financial assets and
liabilities and is calculated by discounting the fair value gain or loss on the financial derivative using credit default swap (CDS)
prices quoted for the counterparty or Jaguar Land Rover respectively. CDS prices are obtained from Bloomberg.
The long—term unsecured listed bonds are held at amortised cost. Their fair value for disclosure purposes is determined using
Level 1 valuation techniques, based on the closing price at 31 March 2016 on the EURO MTF market.
Fair values of cash and cash equivalents, short—term deposits, trade receivables and payables, short—term borrowings and
other financial assets and liabilities (current and non—current excluding derivatives) are assumed to approximate to cost due
to the short—term maturity of the instruments and as the impact of discounting is not significant.
Management uses its bestjudgement in estimating the fair value of its financial instruments. However, there are inherent
limitations in any estimation technique. Therefore, for substantially all financial instruments, the fair value estimates
presented above are not necessarily indicative of all the amounts that the Group could have realised in a sales transaction
as of respective dates. The estimated fair value amounts as of 31 March 2016, 31 March 2015 and 31 March 2014 have been
measured as of the respective dates. As such, the fair values of these financial instruments subsequent to the respective
reporting dates may be different than the amounts reported at each year—end.
(B) FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
As discussed in the Strategic report under the section Our Risks, the Group is exposed to foreign currency exchange rate,
commodity price, interest rate, liquidity and credit risks. The Group has a risk management framework in place which monitors
all of these risks.
(C) FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATE RISK
The fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may have a potential impact on the consolidated income statement, the
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated balance sheet, the consolidated statement of changes in
equity and the consolidated cash flow statement where any transaction references more than one currency or where assets/
liabilities are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the respective consolidated entities.
Considering the countries and economic environment in which the Group operates, its operations are subject to risks arising
from fluctuations in exchange rates in those countries. The risks primarily relate to fluctuations in US Dollar, Chinese Yuan and
Euro against the functional currency of the Company and its subsidiaries.