Overview Strategic report Governance
ti—19 | 20—59 | 60-71 [ @023 ] 8 5
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Deﬁned beneﬁt costs are split into three categories:
- Current service cost, past service cost and gains and losses on curtailments and settlements;
- Net interest cost; and
- Remeasurement.
The Group presents these deﬁned beneﬁt costs within ‘Employee costs’ in the consolidated income statement (see note 6).
A separate deﬁned contribution plan is available to new employees of Jaguar Land Rover. Costs in respect of this plan are
charged to the consolidated income statement as incurred.
POST-RETIREMENT MEDICARE SCHEME
Under this unfunded scheme, employees of some subsidiaries receive medical beneﬁts subject to certain limits of
amount, periods after retirement and types of beneﬁts, depending on their grade and location at the time of retirement.
Employees separated from the Group as part of an Early Separation Scheme, on medical grounds or due to permanent
disablement are also covered under the scheme. The applicable subsidiaries account for the liability for the post—retirement
medical scheme based on an annual actuarial valuation.
ACTUARIAL GAINS AND LOSSES
Actuarial gains and losses relating to retirement beneﬁt plans are recognised in other comprehensive income in the year in
which they arise. Actuarial gains and losses relating to long—term employee beneﬁts are recognised in the consolidated income
statement in the year in which they arise.
MEASUREMENT DATE
The measurement date of all retirement plans is 31 March.
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
CLASSIFICATION, INITIAL RECOGNITION AND MEASUREMENT
A ﬁnancial instrument is any contract that gives rise to a ﬁnancial asset of one entity and a ﬁnancial liability or equity instrument
of another entity Financial assets are classiﬁed into categories: ﬁnancial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss (which can either
be held for trading or designated as fair value options), held—to—maturity investments, loans and receivables and available—for—sale
ﬁnancial assets. Financial liabilities are classiﬁed into ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss and other ﬁnancial liabilities.
No ﬁnancial instruments have been designated as fair value through proﬁt or loss using the fair value option or have been classiﬁed
as held—to—maturity.
Financial instruments are recognised on the balance sheet when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of
the instrument.
Initially, a ﬁnancial instrument is recognised at its fair value. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of ﬁnancial
instruments are recognised in determining the carrying amount, if it is not classiﬁed as at fair value through proﬁt or loss. Subsequently,
ﬁnancial instruments are measured according to the category in which they are classiﬁed.
Financial assets and ﬁnancial liabilities at fair value through proﬁt or loss — held for trading: Derivatives, including embedded
derivatives separated from the host contract, are classiﬁed into this category Financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair
value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated income statement with the exception of those derivatives which
are designated as cash flow hedging instruments and for which hedge accounting is applied.
Loans and receivables: Loans and receivables are non—derivative ﬁnancial assets with ﬁxed or determinable payments that are
not quoted in an active market and which are not classiﬁed as ﬁnancial assets at fair value through proﬁt or loss or ﬁnancial assets
available—for—sale. Subsequently, these are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method less any impairment
losses. These include cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, ﬁnance receivables and other ﬁnancial assets.
Available-for—sale ﬁnancial assets: Available—for—sale ﬁnancial assets are those non—derivative ﬁnancial assets that are either
designated as such upon initial recognition or are not classiﬁed in any of the other ﬁnancial assets categories. Subsequently, these
are measured at fair value and changes therein are recognised in other comprehensive income, net of applicable deferred income
taxes, and accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve with the exception of impairment losses, interest calculated using the
effective interest method and foreign exchange gains and losses on monetary assets, which are recognised directly in proﬁt or loss.
The Group does not hold any available—for—sale ﬁnancial assets.
Investments in equity instruments that do not have a quoted market price in an active market and whose fair value cannot be reliably
measured, are measured at cost.
Embedded derivatives relating to prepayment options on Senior Notes are not considered as closely related and are separately
accounted unless the exercise price of these options is approximately equal on each exercise date to the amortised cost of the
Senior Notes.
EQUITY INSTRUMENTS
An equity instrument is any contract that evidences residual interests in the assets of the Group after deducting all of its liabilities.
Equity instruments issued by the Group are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.