Overview Strategic report Governance
ti—19 | 20—59 | 60-71 I @023 I 7 9
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
1 BACKGROUND AND OPERATIONS
Jaguar Land Rover Automotive PLC (‘the Company’) and its subsidiaries, (collectively referred to as ‘the Group’ or ‘JLR’),
designs, manufactures and sells a wide range of automotive vehicles. The Company is a public limited company incorporated
and domiciled in the UK. The address of its registered office is Abbey Road, Whitley, Coventry, CV3 4LF, United Kingdom.
The Company is a subsidiary of Tata Motors Limited, India and acts as an intermediate holding company for the Jaguar Land
Rover business. The principal activity during the year was the design, development, manufacture and marketing of high—
performance luxury saloons, specialist sports cars and four—wheel—drive off—road vehicles.
These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in Pound Sterling (‘GBP’) and rounded to the nearest million GBP
(£ million) unless otherwise stated. Results for the year ended and as at 31 March 2014 have been disclosed solely for the
information of the users.
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE
These consolidated and parent Company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial
Reporting Standards (referred to as ‘IFRS’) and IFRS Interpretation Committee (‘IFRS IC’) interpretations as adopted by the
European Union (‘EU’) and the requirements ofthe United Kingdom Companies Act 2006 applicable to companies reporting
under IFRS. In addition, these consolidated financial statements also comply with IFRS as adopted by the International
Accounting Standards Board (‘IASB’) as no differences exist between IFRS as adopted by the EU applied by the Group and IFRS
issued by the IASB.
The Company has taken advantage of section 408 of the Companies Act 2006 and, therefore, the separate financial
statements of the Company do not include the income statement or the statement of comprehensive income ofthe Company
on a stand—alone basis.
BASIS OF PREPARATION
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments
which are measured at fair value. Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for
the assets. The principal accounting policies adopted are set out below.
GOING CONCERN
The directors have considered the financial position of the Group at 31 March 2016 (net assets of £7,614 million
(2015: £6,040 million, 2014: £5,864 million» and the projected cash flows and financial performance of the Group for at least
12 months from the date of approval of these financial statements as well as planned cost and cash improvement actions,
and believe that the plan for sustained profitability remains on course.
The directors have taken actions to ensure that appropriate long—term cash resources are in place at the date of signing the
accounts to fund Group operations. The directors have reviewed the financial covenants linked to the borrowings in place and
believe these will not be breached at any point and that all debt repayments will be met.
Therefore, the directors consider, after making appropriate enquiries and taking into consideration the risks and uncertainties
facing the Group, that the Group has adequate resources to continue in operation as a going concern for the foreseeable future
and is able to meet its financial covenants linked to the borrowings in place. Accordingly the directors continue to adopt the
going concern basis in preparing these consolidated financial statements.
BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION
SUBSIDIARIES
The consolidated financial statements include Jaguar Land Rover Automotive plc and its subsidiaries. Subsidiaries are entities
controlled by the Company. Control exists when the Company has power over the investee, is exposed or has rights to variable
return from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to use its power to affect its returns. In assessing control,
potential voting rights that currently are exercisable are taken into account. All subsidiaries of the Group given in note 42 to the
parent Company financial statements are included in the consolidated financial statements.
Intercompany transactions and balances including unrealised profits are eliminated in full on consolidation.
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTU RES (EQUITY ACCOUNTED INVESTMENTS)
Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control orjoint control. Significant influence
is the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee and is presumed to exist when the
Group holds between 20 and 50 per cent of the voting power of another entity. Joint ventures are those entities over whose
activities the Group hasjoint control, established by contractual agreement and requiring unanimous consent for decisions
about the relevant activities of the entity, being those activities that significantly affect the entity’s returns.