Overview | Strategic report | Governance [ ] 8 1
IFC—19 20—59 60-71 m
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
COST RECOGNITION
Costs and expenses are recognised when incurred and are classiﬁed according to their nature.
Expenditures are capitalised where appropriate in accordance with the policy for internally generated intangible assets and
represent employee costs, stores and other manufacturing supplies, and other expenses incurred for product development
undertaken by the Group.
GOVERNMENT GRANTS AND INCENTIVES
Government grants are recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the relevant
conditions and the grant will be received.
Government grants are recognised in the consolidated income statement on a systematic basis when the Group recognises,
as expenses, the related costs that the grants are intended to compensate.
Government grants related to assets are deducted from the cost of the asset and amortised over the useful life of the asset.
Government grants related to income are presented as an offset against the related expenditure and Government grants
which are awarded as incentives with no ongoing performance obligations to the Group are recognised as other income in the
period the grant is received.
Sales tax incentives received from governments are recognised in the consolidated income statement at the reduced tax rate
and revenue is reported net of these sales tax incentives.
FOREIGN CURRENCY
The Company has a functional currency of GBP. The presentation currency of the consolidated financial statements is GBP.
The functional currency ofthe UK and non—UK selling operations is GBP being the primary economic environment that
influences these operations. This is on the basis that management control is in the UK and that GBP is the currency that
primarily determines sales prices and is the main currency for the retention of operating income. The functional currency of
the Chery Jaguar Land Rover Automotive Co. Ltd., the Group’s principaljoint venture, is Chinese Yuan (‘CNY’). The functional
currency of Jaguar Land Rover Slovakia s.r.o is Euro.
Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing on the date of transaction. Foreign currency
denominated monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into the functional currency at the exchange rate prevailing on
the balance sheet date. Exchange differences are recognised in the consolidated income statement as ‘Foreign exchange
(loss)/gain’.
For the purposes of presenting consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s foreign operations
(non—GBP functional currency) are translated at exchange rates prevailing on the balance sheet date. Income and expense
items are translated at the average exchange rates for the period. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other
comprehensive income and accumulated in equity.
INCOME TAXES
Income tax expense comprises current and deferred taxes. Income tax expense is recognised in the consolidated income
statement, except when related to items that are recognised outside of profit or loss (whether in other comprehensive
income or directly in equity, whereby tax is also recognised outside of profit or loss), or where related to the initial accounting
for a business combination. In the case of a business combination the tax effect is included in the accounting for the
business combination.
Current income taxes are determined based on respective taxable income of each taxable entity and tax rules applicable for
respective taxjurisdictions.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognised for the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
carrying values of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and unutilised business loss and depreciation carry—
forwards and tax credits. Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed separately for each taxable entity and for each
taxable jurisdiction. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable income will be
available against which the deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses, depreciation carry—forwards and unused tax
credits could be utilised.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured based on the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset
is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
balance sheet date.
Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against
current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to
settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
EXCEPTIONAL ITEMS
Exceptional items by virtue of their nature, size or frequency are disclosed separately on the face of the consolidated income
statement where this enhances understanding ofthe Group’s performance.