8 O JAGUAR LAND ROVER AUTOMOTIVE PLC
Annual Report 2015—16
NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTI N U ED
2 ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
Associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method and are recognised initially at cost. The Group’s
investments include goodwill identiﬁed on acquisition, net of any accumulated impairment losses. The consolidated ﬁnancial
statements include the Group’s share ofthe income and expenses, other comprehensive income and equity movements
of equity accounted investments, from the date that signiﬁcant influence orjoint control commences until the date that
signiﬁcant influence orjoint control ceases. When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in an equity accounted
investment, the carrying amount of that interest (including any long—term investments) is reduced to nil and the recognition
of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation or has made payments on behalf of
the investee.
When the Group transacts with an associate orjoint venture of the Group, proﬁts and losses are eliminated to the extent
of the Group’s interest in its associate orjoint venture.
USE OF ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting estimates. It also
requires management to exercise itsjudgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving
a higher degree ofjudgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are signiﬁcant to the consolidated
ﬁnancial statements are as follows:
(i) Note 16 — Property, plant and equipment — the Group appliesjudgement in determining the estimate useful life of assets.
(ii) Note 17 — Intangible assets — management applies signiﬁcantjudgement in establishing the applicable criteria for
capitalisation of appropriate product development costs and impairment of indeﬁnite life intangible assets. The key
judgements in the impairment assessment include the determination of cash—generating units, value of cash flows and
appropriateness of discount rates.
(iii) Note 19 — Deferred tax — management appliesjudgement in establishing the timing of the recognition of deferred tax
assets relating to historic losses, assessing the recoverability of those assets and estimating taxes ultimately payable on
remittance of overseas earnings.
(iv) Note 26 — Provision for product warranty — it is necessary for the Group to assess the provision for anticipated lifetime
warranty and campaign costs. The valuation of warranty and campaign provisions requires a signiﬁcant amount of
judgement and the requirement to form appropriate assumptions around expected future costs.
(v) Note 31 — Retirement beneﬁt obligation — it is necessary for actuarial assumptions to be made, including discount and
mortality rates and the long—term rate of return upon scheme assets. The Group engages a qualiﬁed actuary to assist
with determining the assumptions to be made when evaluating these liabilities.
(vi) Note 34 — Financial instruments — the Group enters into complex ﬁnancial instruments and therefore appropriate
accounting for these requires judgement around the valuations.
REVENUE RECOGNITION
Revenue comprises the amounts invoiced to customers outside the Group and is measured at fair value of the consideration
received or receivable, net of discounts, sales incentives, customer bonuses and rebates granted, which can be identiﬁed at
the point of sale. Revenue is presented net of excise duty where applicable and other indirect taxes.
Revenue is recognised when the signiﬁcant risks and rewards of ownership have been transferred to the customer and the
amount of revenue can be reliable measured with it being probable that future economic beneﬁts will flow to the Group.
The transfer of the signiﬁcant risks and rewards is deﬁned in the underlying agreements with the customer.
No sale is recognised where, following disposal of signiﬁcant risks and rewards, the Group retains a signiﬁcant ﬁnancial interest.
The Group’s interest in these items is retained in inventory, with a creditor being recognised for the contracted buy—back
price. Income under such agreements, measured as the difference between the initial sale price and the buyback price, is
recognised on a straight—line basis over the term of the agreement. The corresponding costs are recognised over the term of
the agreement based on the difference between the item’s cost, including estimated costs of resale, and the expected net
realisable value.
If a sale includes an agreement for subsequent servicing or maintenance, the fair value of that service is deferred and
recognised as income over the relevant service period in proportion with the expected cost pattern of the agreement.