information that we collect, especially financial information, is regulated by multiple laws. User
data protection laws may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country. In
many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of
information between or among ourselves, our subsidiaries, and other parties with which we
have commercial relations. These laws continue to develop in ways we cannot predict and that
may harm our business.
Regulatory scrutiny of privacy, user data protection, use of data and data collection is
increasing on a global basis. We are subject to a number of privacy and similar laws and
regulations in the countries in which we operate and these laws and regulations will likely
continue to evolve over time, both through regulatory and legislative action and judicial
decisions. Some of these laws impose requirements that are inconsistent with one another, yet
regulators may claim that both apply. Complying with these varying national requirements
could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a
manner adverse to our business and violations of privacy-related laws can result in significant
penalties. In addition, compliance with these laws may restrict our ability to provide services to
our customers that they may find to be valuable. A determination that there have been
violations of laws relating to our practices under communications—based laws could expose us
to significant damage awards, fines and other penalties that could, individually or in the
aggregate, materially harm our business. In particular, because of the enormous number of
texts, emails and other communications we send to our users, communications laws that
provide a specified monetary damage award or fine for each violation (such as those
described below) could result in particularly large awards or fines.
For example, the Federal Communications Commission amended certain of its regulations
under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, in 2012 and 2013 in a manner that
could increase our exposure to liability for certain types of telephonic communication with
customers, including but not limited to text messages to mobile phones. Under the TCPA,
plaintiffs may seek actual monetary loss or statutory damages of $500 per violation, whichever
is greater, and courts may treble the damage award for willful or knowing violations. We are
regularly subject to class—action lawsuits, as well as individual lawsuits, containing allegations
that our businesses violated the TCPA. These lawsuits, and other private lawsuits not currently
alleged as class actions, seek damages (including statutory damages) and injunctive relief,
among other remedies. Given the enormous number of communications we send to our users,
a determination that there have been violations of the TCPA or other communications-based
statutes could expose us to significant damage awards that could, individually or in the
aggregate, materially harm our business.
We post on our websites our privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use
and disclosure of user data. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted
privacy policies or with any regulatory requirements or orders or other federal, state or
international privacy or consumer protection-related laws and regulations could result in
proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others (e.g., class action privacy
litigation), subject us to significant penalties and negative publicity, require us to change our
business practices, increase our costs and adversely affect our business. Data collection,
privacy and security have become the subject of increasing public concern. If Internet and
mobile users were to reduce their use of our websites, mobile platforms, products, and
services as a result of these concerns, our business could be harmed. As noted above, we are
also subject to the possibility of security breaches, which themselves may result in a violation
of these laws.
14