because our services are accessible worldwide and we facilitate sales of goods and provide
services to users worldwide, one or more jurisdictions may claim that we or our users are
required to comply with their laws based on the location of our servers or one or more of our
users, or the location of the product or service being sold or provided in an ecommerce
transaction. For example, we were found liable in France, under French law, for transactions on
some of our websites worldwide that did not involve French buyers or sellers. Laws regulating
Internet, mobile and ecommerce technologies outside of the United States are generally less
favorable to us than those in the United States. Compliance may be more costly or may require
us to change our business practices or restrict our service offerings, and the imposition of any
regulations on us or our users may harm our business. In addition, we may be subject to
multiple overlapping legal or regulatory regimes that impose conflicting requirements on us
(e.g., in cross-border trade). Our alleged failure to comply with foreign laws could subject us to
penalties ranging from criminal prosecution to significant fines to bans on our services, in
addition to the significant costs we may incur in defending against such actions.
We are regularly subject to general litigation, regulatory disputes, and government inquiries.
We are regularly subject to claims, lawsuits (including class actions and individual
lawsuits), government investigations, and other proceedings involving competition and
antitrust, intellectual property, privacy, consumer protection, accessibility claims, securities,
tax, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, services
and other matters. The number and significance of these disputes and inquiries have
increased as our company has grown larger, our businesses have expanded in scope and
geographic reach, and our products and services have increased in complexity.
The outcome and impact of such claims, lawsuits, government investigations, and
proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Regardless of the outcome, such
investigations and proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs,
diversion of management resources, and other factors. Determining reserves for our pending
litigation is a complex, fact-intensive process that is subject to judgment calls. It is possible
that a resolution of one or more such proceedings could require us to make substantial
payments to satisfy judgments, fines or penalties or to settle claims or proceedings, any of
which could harm our business. These proceedings could also result in reputational harm,
criminal sanctions, consent decrees, or orders preventing us from offering certain products, or
services, or requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways, or requiring
development of non—infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies. Any of these
consequences could harm our business.
We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust litigation under competition laws.
We are subject to scrutiny by various government agencies under US. and foreign laws
and regulations, including competition laws. Some jurisdictions also provide private rights of
action for competitors or consumers to assert claims of anti—competitive conduct. Other
companies and government agencies have in the past and may in the future allege that our
actions violate the antitrust or competition laws of the United States, individual states, the
European Commission or other countries, or otherwise constitute unfair competition. An
increasing number of governments are regulating competition law activities, including
increased scrutiny in large markets such as China. Our business partnerships or agreements or
arrangements with customers or other companies could give rise to regulatory action or
antitrust litigation. Some regulators, particularly those outside of the United States, may
perceive our business to be used so broadly that otherwise uncontroversial business
practices could be deemed anticompetitive. Certain competition authorities have conducted
16