eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Note 14 — Employee Benefit Plans
Equity Incentive Plans
We have equity incentive plans under which we grant equity awards, including stock
options, restricted stock units, performance—based restricted stock units, stock payment
awards and performance share units, to our directors, officers and employees. As of
December 31, 2016, 755 million shares were authorized under our equity incentive plans and
93 million shares were available for future grant.
All stock options granted under these plans generally vest 12.5% six months from the date
of grant (or 25% one year from the date of grant for grants to new employees) with the
remainder vesting at a rate of 2.08% per month thereafter, and generally expire seven to
ten years from the date of grant. The cost of stock options is determined using the Black-
Scholes option pricing model on the date of grant.
Restricted stock units (“RSUs”) are granted to eligible employees under our equity
incentive plans. In general, RSU awards vest in annual or quarterly installments over a period of
three to five years, are subject to the employees’ continuing service to us and do not have an
expiration date. The cost of RSUs is determined using the fair value of our common stock on
the date of grant.
In 2016, 2015 and 2014, certain executives were eligible to receive performance based
RSUs (“PBRSUs”). PBRSU awards are subject to performance and time-based vesting
requirements. The target number of shares subject to the PBRSU award are adjusted based on
our business performance measured against the performance goals approved by the
Compensation Committee at the beginning of the performance period. Generally, if the
performance criteria is satisfied, one—half of the award vests in March following the end of the
performance period and the other half of the award vests in March of the following year.
Deferred Stock Units
Prior to December 31, 2016, we granted deferred stock units to each non-employee
director (other than Mr. Omidyar) at the time of our annual meeting of stockholders and to new
non-employee directors upon their election to the Board. Each deferred stock unit award
granted to a new non—employee director upon election to the Board vests 25% one year from
the date of grant, and at a rate of 2.08% per month thereafter. In addition, directors were
permitted to elect to receive, in lieu of annual retainer and committee chair fees and at the
time these fees would otherwise be payable, fully vested deferred stock units with an initial
value equal to the amount based on the fair market value of common stock at the date of grant.
Following termination of a non—employee director’s service on the Board of Directors, deferred
stock units granted prior to August 1, 2013 are payable in stock or cash (at our election), while
deferred stock units granted on or after August 1, 2013 are payable solely in stock. As of
December 31, 2016, there were approximately 259,632 deferred stock units outstanding, which
are included in our restricted stock unit activity below. As of December 31, 2016, we no longer
grant deferred stock units.
F-40