indebtedness could, in turn, constitute an event of default under other debt instruments,
thereby resulting in the acceleration and required repayment of that other indebtedness. Any
of these events could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.
A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business.
Some of our outstanding indebtedness has received credit ratings from certain rating
agencies. Such ratings are limited in scope and do not purport to address all risks relating to an
investment in those debt securities, but rather reflect only the view of each rating agency at
the time the rating was issued. The credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could change
based upon, among other things, our results of operations and financial condition. These
ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and there can be no
assurance that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by a rating
agency or placed on a so—called “watch list” for a possible downgrade or assigned a negative
ratings outlook if, in any rating agency’s judgment, circumstances so warrant. Moreover, these
credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold any of our debt securities. Actual or
anticipated changes or downgrades in our credit ratings, including any announcement that our
ratings are under review for a downgrade or have been assigned a negative outlook, would
likely increase our borrowing costs, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and could harm our business.
Our credit ratings were downgraded as a result of the distribution of 100% of the
outstanding common stock of PayPal to our stockholders (the “Distribution”), pursuant to
which PayPal became an independent company. As of January 1, 2014, our long-term debt and
short-term funding were rated investment grade by Standard and Poor’s Financial Services,
LLC (long-term rated A, short-term rated A—1, with a stable outlook), Moody’s lnvestor Service
(long-term rated A2, short-term rated P-1, with a stable outlook), and Fitch Ratings, Inc. (long—
term rated A, short—term rated F—1, with a stable outlook). All of these credit rating agencies
lowered their ratings in connection with the Distribution, which occurred on July 17, 2015. Since
July 20, 2015, we have been rated investment grade by Standard and Poor’s Financial Services,
LLC (long-term rated BBB+, short-term rated A-2, with a stable outlook), Moody’s Investor
Service (long—term rated Baal, short—term rated P—2, with a stable outlook), and Fitch Ratings,
Inc. (long-term rated BBB, short—term rated F—2, with a stable outlook). We disclose these
ratings to enhance the understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effects of these
ratings on our costs of funds. Our borrowing costs depend, in part, on our credit ratings and
any further actions taken by these credit rating agencies to lower our credit ratings, as
described above, will likely increase our borrowing costs.
Our business and users may be subject to sales tax and other taxes.
The application of indirect taxes (such as sales and use tax, value—added tax (VAT), goods
and services tax, business tax and gross receipt tax) to ecommerce businesses and to our
users is a complex and evolving issue. Many of the fundamental statutes and regulations that
impose these taxes were established before the adoption and growth of the Internet and
ecommerce. In many cases, it is not clear how existing statutes apply to the Internet or
ecommerce. In addition, governments are increasingly looking for ways to increase revenues,
which has resulted in discussions about tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax
revenues, including through indirect taxes. There are many transactions that occur during the
ordinary course of business for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
We do not collect taxes on the goods or services sold by users of our services. However,
some jurisdictions have implemented, or may implement, laws that require remote sellers of
23