The Distribution may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits and may adversely
affect our business.
We may not realize some or all of the anticipated benefits from the Distribution and the
Distribution may in fact adversely affect our business. As an independent, publicly traded
company, we will be a smaller, less diversified company with a narrower business focus and
may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Separating the businesses
may also eliminate or reduce synergies or economies of scale that existed prior to the
Distribution, which could harm our business.
We could incur significant liability if the Distribution is determined to be a taxable
transaction.
We have received an opinion from outside tax counsel to the effect that the Distribution
qualifies as a transaction that is described in Sections 355 and 368(a)(l)(D) of the Internal
Revenue Code. The opinion relies on certain facts, assumptions, representations and
undertakings from PayPal and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations
or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our shareholders and we may not be able to rely
on the opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding
the opinion of tax counsel we have received, the IRS could determine on audit that the
Distribution is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or
undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the
opinion. If the Distribution is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes,
our shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax and we could incur significant U.S.
federal income tax liabilities.
We may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the Distribution.
We entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements
with PayPal to govern the Distribution and the relationship of the two companies going forward.
These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to
disputes between us and PayPal. The indemnity rights we have against PayPal under the
agreements may not be sufficient to protect us. In addition, our indemnity obligations to PayPal
may be significant and these risks could negatively affect our results of operations and
financial condition.
ITEM 13: UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
Not applicable.
31