Indemnification Provisions
We entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements
with PayPal to govern the separation and relationship of the two companies going forward.
These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to
disputes between us and PayPal, which may be significant. In addition, the indemnity rights we
have against PayPal under the agreements may not be sufficient to protect us and our
indemnity obligations to PayPal may be significant.
In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors,
executive officers and certain other officers. These agreements require us to indemnify such
individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which they
may become subject as a result of their affiliation with us.
In the ordinary course of business, we have included limited indemnification provisions in
certain of our agreements with parties with which we have commercial relations, including our
standard marketing, promotions and application-programming-interface license agreements.
Under these contracts, we generally indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the
indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with
claims by a third party with respect to our domain names, trademarks, logos and other
branding elements to the extent that such marks are applicable to our performance under the
subject agreement. In certain cases, we have agreed to provide indemnification for intellectual
property infringement. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these
indemnification provisions due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded
in our consolidated statement of income in connection with our indemnification provisions
have not been significant, either individually or collectively.
Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates
General
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements and related notes requires us to
make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets,
liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
We have based our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that
are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for
making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. Our senior management has discussed the development,
selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of
Directors. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or
conditions.
An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be
made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is
made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the
accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact
the consolidated financial statements. We believe the following critical accounting policies
reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. The following descriptions of critical accounting policies,
judgments and estimates should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and related notes and other disclosures included in this report.
60