- the acquisition of new customer and employee personal information by us or a third
party acquiring assets or businesses from us, which in and of itself may require
regulatory approval and or additional controls, policies and procedures and subject us
to additional exposure; and
- our dependence on the acquired business’ accounting, financial reporting, operating
metrics and similar systems, controls and processes and the risk that errors or
irregularities in those systems, controls and processes will lead to errors in our
consolidated financial statements or make it more difficult to manage the acquired
business.
At any given time, we may be engaged in discussions or negotiations with respect to one
or more of these types of transactions and any of these transactions could be material to our
financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it may take us longer than expected to
fully realize the anticipated benefits of these transactions, and those benefits may ultimately
be smaller than anticipated or may not be realized at all, which could adversely affect our
business and operating results. Any acquisitions or dispositions may also require us to issue
additional equity securities, spend our cash, or incur debt (and increased interest expense),
liabilities, and amortization expenses related to intangible assets or write-offs of goodwill,
which could adversely affect our results of operations and dilute the economic and voting
rights of our stockholders.
We have made certain investments, including through joint ventures, in which we have a
minority equity interest and/or lack management and operational control. The controlling joint
venture partner in a joint venture may have business interests, strategies, or goals that are
inconsistent with ours, and business decisions or other actions or omissions of the controlling
joint venture partner or the joint venture company may result in harm to our reputation or
adversely affect the value of our investment in the joint venture. Our strategic investments may
also expose us to additional risks. Any circumstances, which may be out of our control, that
adversely affect the value of our investments, or cost resulting from regulatory action or
lawsuits in connection with our investments, could harm our business or negatively impact our
financial results.
Our success largely depends on key personnel. Because competition for our key
employees is intense, we may not be able to attract, retain, and develop the highly skilled
employees we need to support our business. The loss of senior management or other key
personnel could harm our business.
Our future performance depends substantially on the continued services of our senior
management and other key personnel, including key engineering and product development
personnel, and our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key personnel. Competition for key
personnel is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley where our corporate headquarters are
located, and we may be unable to successfully attract, integrate, or retain sufficiently qualified
key personnel. In making employment decisions, particularly in the Internet and high—
technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the equity awards they would
receive in connection with their employment and fluctuations in our stock price may make it
more difficult to attract, retain, and motivate employees. In addition, we do not have long-term
employment agreements with any of our key personnel and do not maintain any “key person”
life insurance policies. The loss of the services of any of our senior management or other key
personnel, or our inability to attract highly qualified senior management and other key
personnel, could harm our business.
29