ITEM 7: MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form IO-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 7933 and Section 27E of the Securities Exchange Act of
7934, including statements that involve expectations, plans or intentions (such as those
relating to future business, future results of operations or financial condition, new or planned
features or services, or management strategies). You can identify these forward-looking
statements by words such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan” and other similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Such risks and
uncertainties include, among others, those discussed in “Item IA: Risk Factors” of this Annual
Report on Form IO-K, as well as in our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and the
other information appearing elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the SEC. We do
not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any of our forward-looking statements after
the date of this report to reflect actual results or future events or circumstances. Given these
risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-
looking statements. You should read the following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements and the related notes included in this report.
OVERVIEW
Business
eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader, which includes our Marketplace, StubHub and
Classifieds platforms. Our Marketplace platforms include our online marketplace located at
www.ebay.com, its localized counterparts and the eBay mobile apps. Our StubHub platforms
include our online ticket platform located at www.stubhub.com, the StubHub mobile apps and
Ticketbis. Our Classifieds platforms include a collection of brands such as Mobile.de, Kijiji,
Gumtree, Marktplaats, eBay Kleinanzeigen and others.
40