unsuccessful ticket buyers. Such lawsuits could result in significant costs and require
us to change our business practices in ways that negatively affect our tickets
business.
- Our tickets business also faces significant competition from a number of sources,
including ticketing service companies, event organizers, ticket brokers, and online
and offline ticket resellers. Some ticketing service companies, event organizers, and
professional sports teams have begun to issue event tickets through various forms of
electronic ticketing systems that are designed to restrict or prohibit the transferability
(and by extension, the resale) of such event tickets either to favor their own resale
affiliates or to discourage resale or restrict resale of season tickets to a preferred,
designated website. Ticketing service companies have also begun to use market—
based pricing strategies or dynamic pricing to charge much higher prices, and
impose additional restrictions on transferability, for premium tickets.
- Some sports teams have threatened to revoke the privileges of season ticket owners
if they resell their tickets through a platform that is not affiliated with, or approved by,
such sports teams.
The listing or sale by our users of items that allegedly infringe the intellectual property
rights of rights owners, including pirated or counterfeit items, may harm our business.
The listing or sale by our users of unlawful, counterfeit or stolen goods or unlawful services,
or sale of goods or services in an unlawful manner, has resulted and may continue to result in
allegations of civil or criminal liability for unlawful activities against us (including the employees
and directors of our various entities) involving activities carried out by users through our
services. In a number of circumstances, third parties, including government regulators and law
enforcement officials, have alleged that our services aid and abet violations of certain laws,
including laws regarding the sale of counterfeit items, laws restricting or prohibiting the
transferability (and by extension, the resale) of digital goods (e.g., event tickets, books, music
and software), the fencing of stolen goods, selective distribution channel laws, customs laws,
distance selling laws, anti—scalping laws with respect to the resale of tickets, and the sale of
items outside of the United States that are regulated by US. export controls. For example:
- In Turkey, local prosecutors and courts are investigating our liability for allegedly
illegal actions by users of our Turkish Marketplace business (GittiGidiyor). In
accordance with local law and custom, they have indicted one or more members of
the board of directors of our local Turkish subsidiary. We intend to defend vigorously
against any such actions and a growing number of these cases have been dismissed
by the relevant courts.
- In August 2012, we were informed that US. listings of footwear with religious imagery
were visible on our local Indian site and we immediately removed these listings. In
September 2012, a criminal case was registered against us in India in regard to these
listings, and we are challenging the prosecution of this case.
In addition, allegations of infringement of intellectual property rights, including but not
limited to counterfeit items, have resulted in threatened and actual litigation from time to time
by rights owners, including the following luxury brand owners: Tiffany 8 Co. in the United
States; Rolex SA. and Coty Prestige Lancaster Group GmbH in Germany; Louis Vuitton
Malletier and Christian Dior Couture in France; and L’Oréal SA, Lancome Parfums et Beaute 8
Cie, and Laboratoire Garnier 8- Cie in several European countries. Plaintiffs in these and similar
suits seek, among other remedies, injunctive relief and damages. Statutory damages for
copyright or trademark violations could range up to $150,000 per copyright violation and
19