goods and services to collect and remit taxes on sales to customers located within the
jurisdiction. In particular, the Streamlined Sales Tax Project (an ongoing, multi—year effort by
US. state and local governments to pursue federal legislation that would require collection and
remittance of sales tax by out-of-state sellers) could allow states that meet certain
simplification and other criteria to require out-of-state sellers to collect and remit sales taxes
on goods purchased by in-state residents. The adoption of such legislation could result in a
use tax collection responsibility for certain of our sellers. This collection responsibility and the
additional costs associated with complex use tax collection, remittance and audit
requirements would make selling on our websites and mobile platforms less attractive for
small business retailers and would harm our business, and the proliferation of state legislation
to expand sales and use tax collection on Internet sales could adversely affect some of our
sellers and indirectly harm our business.
Several proposals have been made at the US. state and local levels that would impose
additional taxes on the sale of goods and services over the Internet. These proposals, if
adopted, could substantially impair the growth of ecommerce and our brands, and could
diminish our opportunity to derive financial benefit from our activities. While the US. federal
government’s moratorium on state and local taxation of Internet access or multiple or
discriminatory taxes on ecommerce has been temporarily extended, this moratorium does not
prohibit federal, state or local authorities from collecting taxes on our income or from
collecting certain taxes that were in effect prior to the enactment of the moratorium and/or
one of its extensions.
From time to time, some taxing authorities in the United States have notified us that they
believe we owe them certain taxes imposed on our services. These notifications have not
resulted in any significant tax liabilities to date, but there is a risk that some jurisdiction may be
successful in the future, which would harm our business.
Similar issues exist outside of the United States, where the application of VAT or other indirect
taxes on ecommerce providers is complex and evolving. While we attempt to comply in those
jurisdictions where it is clear that a tax is due, some of our subsidiaries have, from time to time,
received claims relating to the applicability of indirect taxes to our fees. We have been paying VAT
on fees charged to certain of our users in the European Union based on the service provider’s
location. On January 1, 2015, changes to the rules determining the place of supply (and thus the
country of taxation) for all European Union based providers of electronically supplied services were
implemented that require that we pay VAT based on the residence or normal place of business of
our customers. These changes may result in our paying a higher rate of VAT on such fees.
Additionally, we pay input VAT on applicable taxable purchases within the various countries in
which we operate. In most cases, we are entitled to reclaim this input VAT from the various
countries. However, because of our unique business model, the application of the laws and rules
that allow such reclamation is sometimes uncertain. A successful assertion by one or more
countries that we are not entitled to reclaim VAT could harm our business.
In certain jurisdictions, we collect and remit indirect taxes on our fees and pay taxes on our
purchases of goods and services. However, tax authorities may raise questions about our
calculation, reporting and collection of taxes and may ask us to remit additional taxes, as well
as the proper calculation of such taxes. Should any new taxes become applicable or if the
taxes we pay are found to be deficient, our business could be harmed.
A taxing authority may seek to impose a tax collection, reporting or record—keeping
obligation on companies that engage in or facilitate ecommerce. For example, the US. Internal
Revenue Service (“IRS”) now requires that certain payments to sellers be reported to the
24