market studies of our industries. Such claims and investigations, even it without foundation,
may be very expensive to defend, involve negative publicity and substantial diversion of
management time and effort and could result in significant judgments against us or require us
to change our business practices.
We are subject to patent litigation.
We have repeatedly been sued for allegedly infringing other parties’ patents. We are a
defendant in a number of patent suits and have been notified of several other potential patent
disputes. We expect that we will increasingly be subject to patent infringement claims
because, among other reasons:
- our products and services continue to expand in scope and complexity;
- we continue to expand into new businesses, including through acquisitions; and
- the universe of patent owners who may claim that we, any of the companies that we
have acquired, or our customers infringe their patents, and the aggregate number of
patents controlled by such patent owners, continues to increase.
Such claims may be brought directly against us and/or against our customers whom we
may indemnify either because we are contractually obligated to do so or we choose to do so
as a business matter. We believe that an increasing number of these claims against us and
other technology companies have been, and continue to be, initiated by third parties whose
sole or primary business is to assert such claims. In addition, we have seen significant patent
disputes between operating companies in some technology industries. Patent claims, whether
meritorious or not, are time—consuming and costly to defend and resolve, and could require us
to make expensive changes in our methods of doing business, enter into costly royalty or
licensing agreements, make substantial payments to satisfy adverse judgments or settle
claims or proceedings, or cease conducting certain operations, which would harm our
business.
We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting
which, if not remediated, could adversely affect our reputation, business or stock price.
In reviewing the accounting for certain transactions we completed in December 2016, as part
of the realignment of our legal structure, as described below under the caption “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Provision for Income
Taxes,” our management identified a deficiency in the effectiveness of a control intended to
properly document and review relevant facts and apply the appropriate tax accounting under
standards generally accepted in the United States of America, which impacted the Deferred tax
asset and Income tax benefit accounts and related disclosures. As described under “Item 9A —
Controls and Procedures,” our management has concluded that the deficiency constitutes a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and, as a result, internal control
over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2016.
A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
our annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a
timely basis. Although we have developed and are implementing a plan to remediate this
material weakness and believe, based on our evaluation to date, that this material weakness
will be remediated during 2017, we cannot assure you that this will occur within the
contemplated timeframe. Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will not identify additional
material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. If we are
17