Problems with or price increases by third parties who provide services to us or to our
sellers could harm our business.
A number of third parties provide services to us or to our sellers. Such services include
seller tools that automate and manage listings, merchant tools that manage listings and
interface with inventory management software, storefronts that help our sellers list items and
shipping providers that deliver goods sold on our platform, among others. Financial or
regulatory issues, labor issues (e.g., strikes, lockouts, or work stoppages), or other problems
that prevent these companies from providing services to us or our sellers could harm our
business.
Price increases by, or service terminations, disruptions or interruptions at, companies that
provide services to us and our sellers and clients could also reduce the number of listings on
our platforms or make it more difficult for our sellers to complete transactions, thereby
harming our business. Some third parties who provide services to us or our sellers may have or
gain market power and be able to increase their prices to us without competitive constraint. In
addition, the US. Postal Service, which is facing ongoing fiscal challenges, has instituted
postal rate increases and announced that it is considering closing thousands of local post
offices and ending Saturday mail delivery. While we continue to work with global carriers to
offer our sellers a variety of shipping options and to enhance their shipping experience, postal
rate increases may reduce the competitiveness of certain sellers’ offerings, and postal service
changes could require certain sellers to utilize alternatives which could be more expensive or
inconvenient, which could in turn decrease the number of transactions on our sites, thereby
harming our business.
We have outsourced certain functions to third-party providers, including some customer
support and product development functions, which are critical to our operations. If our service
providers do not perform satisfactorily, our operations could be disrupted, which could result
in user dissatisfaction and could harm our business.
There can be no assurance that third parties who provide services directly to us or our
sellers will continue to do so on acceptable terms, or at all. If any third parties were to stop
providing services to us or our sellers on acceptable terms, including as a result of bankruptcy,
we may be unable to procure alternatives from other third parties in a timely and efficient
manner and on acceptable terms, or at all.
Our developer platforms, which are open to merchants and third-party developers,
subject us to additional risks.
We provide third—party developers with access to application programming interfaces,
software development kits and other tools designed to allow them to produce applications for use,
with a particular focus on mobile applications. There can be no assurance that merchants or third—
party developers will develop and maintain applications and services on our open platforms on a
timely basis or at all, and a number of factors could cause such third-party developers to curtail or
stop development for our platforms. In addition, our business is subject to many regulatory
restrictions. It is possible that merchants and third-party developers who utilize our development
platforms or tools could violate these regulatory restrictions and we may be held responsible for
such violations, which could harm our business.
30