sellers and the IRS on an annual basis. Any failure by us to meet these requirements could
result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions and could harm our business.
Taxing authorities may also seek to impose tax collection or reporting obligations based on
the location of the product or service being sold or provided in an ecommerce transaction,
regardless of where the respective users are located. Some jurisdictions could assert that we
are responsible for tax on the underlying goods or services sold on our sites. Imposition of a
record keeping or tax collecting requirement could decrease seller activity on our sites and
would harm our business. Tax authorities may also require us to help ensure compliance by our
users by promulgating legislation regulating professional sellers, including tax reporting and
collection requirements. In addition, we have periodically received requests from tax
authorities in many jurisdictions for information regarding the transactions of large classes of
sellers on our sites, and in some cases we have been legally obligated to provide this data. The
imposition of any requirements on us to disclose transaction records for all or a class of sellers
to tax or other regulatory authorities or to file tax forms on behalf of any sellers, especially
requirements that are imposed on us but not on alternative means of ecommerce, and any use
of those records to investigate, collect taxes from or prosecute sellers, could decrease seller
activity on our sites and harm our business.
We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.
The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities
requires estimation and significantjudgment, and there are many transactions and calculations
where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Like many other multinational corporations,
we are subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions and have structured our
operations to reduce our effective tax rate. Our determination of our tax liability is always
subject to audit and review by applicable domestic and foreign tax authorities, and we are
currently undergoing a number of investigations, audits and reviews by taxing authorities
throughout the world, including with respect to our business structure. Any adverse outcome
of any such audit or review could harm our business, and the ultimate tax outcome may differ
from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may materially affect our financial
results in the period or periods for which such determination is made. While we have
established reserves based on assumptions and estimates that we believe are reasonable to
cover such eventualities, these reserves may prove to be insufficient.
In addition, our future income taxes could be adversely affected by a shift in our
jurisdictional earning mix, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities,
as a result of gains on our foreign exchange risk management program, or changes in tax laws,
regulations, or accounting principles, as well as certain discrete items.
In light of continuing fiscal challenges in certain U.S. states and in many countries in
Europe, various levels of government are increasingly focused on tax reform and other
legislative action to increase tax revenue, including corporate income taxes. For example, the
economic downturn reduced tax revenues for United States federal and state governments,
and a number of proposals to increase taxes from corporate entities have been implemented
or are being considered at various levels of government. These include a number of proposals
to modify the U.S. federal income tax laws applicable to companies, like ours, operating in
multiple U.S. and foreign jurisdictions which, if enacted, could materially increase our effective
tax rate. A number of U.S. states have attempted to increase corporate tax revenues by taking
an expansive view of corporate presence to attempt to impose corporate income taxes and
other direct business taxes on companies that have no physical presence in their state, and
taxing authorities in foreign jurisdictions may take similar actions. Many U.S. states are also
altering their apportionment formulas to increase the amount of taxable income or loss
25