eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Our financial assets and liabilities are valued using market prices on both active markets
(“Level 1”) and less active markets (“Level 2”). Level 1 instrument valuations are obtained from
real-time quotes for transactions in active exchange markets involving identical assets. Level 2
instrument valuations are obtained from readily available pricing sources for comparable
instruments, identical instruments in less active markets, or models using market observable
inputs. The majority of our derivative instruments are valued using pricing models that take into
account the contract terms as well as multiple inputs where applicable, such as equity prices,
interest rate yield curves, option volatility and currency rates. We did not have any transfers of
financial instruments between valuation levels during 2016 or 2015.
Cash and cash equivalents are short—term, highly liquid investments with original or
remaining maturities of three months or less when purchased and are primarily comprised of
bank deposits, certificates of deposit and commercial paper.
In addition, we had cost and equity method investments of approximately $118 million and
$124 million included in long—term investments on our consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Our derivative instruments vary in duration depending on contract type. Our foreign
exchange derivative contracts are primarily short-term in nature, generally one month to one
year in duration. Certain foreign currency contracts designated as cash flow hedges may have
a duration of up to 18 months. The duration of our interest rate derivative contracts match the
duration of the fixed rate notes due 2019, 2021 and 2024.
Other financial instruments, including accounts receivable and accounts payable are
carried at cost, which approximates their fair value because of the short—term nature of these
instruments.
Note 9 — Derivative Instruments
Summary of Derivative Instruments
Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the volatility of earnings and cash
flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Our
derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to
meet the terms of the arrangement. We seek to mitigate such risk by limiting our
counterparties to, and by spreading the risk across, major financial institutions. In addition, the
potential risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is
monitored on an ongoing basis. To further limit credit risk, we also enter into collateral security
arrangements related to certain interest rate derivative instruments whereby collateral is
posted between counterparties if the fair value of the derivative instrument exceeds certain
thresholds. Additional collateral would be required in the event of a significant credit
downgrade by either party.
Foreign Exchange Contracts
We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international
revenues as well as costs denominated in foreign currencies, which subjects us to foreign
F-26