The contents of our websites and webcasts are not incorporated by reference into this
Annual Report on Form lO-K or in any other report or document we file with (or furnish to) the
SEC, and any references to our websites and webcasts are intended to be inactive textual
references only.
Item 1A: RISK FACTORS
You should carefully review the following discussion of the risks that may affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition, as well as our consolidated financial
statements and notes thereto and the other information appearing in this report, for important
information regarding risks that affect us.
Risk Factors That May Affect our Business, Results of Operations and Financial Condition
Our operating and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well
as the trading price of our common stock and debt securities.
Our operating and financial results have varied on a quarterly basis during our operating
history and may continue to fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including as
a result of the risks set forth in this “Risk Factors” section. It is difficult for us to forecast the
level or source of our revenues or earnings (loss) accurately. In view of the rapidly evolving
nature of our business, period—to—period comparisons of our operating results may not be
meaningful, and you should not rely upon them as an indication of future performance. We do
not have backlog, and substantially all of our net revenues each quarter come from
transactions involving sales during that quarter. Due to the inherent difficulty in forecasting
revenues, it is also difficult to forecast expenses as a percentage of net revenues. Quarterly
and annual expenses as a percentage of net revenues reflected in our consolidated financial
statements may be significantly different from historical or projected rates. Our operating
results in one or more future quarters may fall below the expectations of securities analysts
and investors. The trading price of our common stock and debt securities could decline,
perhaps substantially, as a result of the factors described in this paragraph.
Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in ecommerce may harm our
business.
The businesses and markets in which we operate are intensely competitive. We currently
and potentially compete with a wide variety of online and offline companies providing goods
and services to consumers and merchants. The Internet and mobile networks provide new,
rapidly evolving and intensely competitive channels for the sale of all types of goods and
services. We compete in two—sided markets, and must attract both buyers and sellers to use
our platforms. Consumers who purchase or sell goods and services through us have more and
more alternatives, and merchants have more channels to reach consumers. We expect
competition to continue to intensify. Online and offline businesses increasingly are competing
with each other and our competitors include a number of online and offline retailers with
significant resources, large user communities and well-established brands. Moreover, the
barriers to entry into these channels can be low, and businesses easily can launch online sites
or mobile platforms and applications at nominal cost by using commercially available software
or partnering with any of a number of successful ecommerce companies. As we respond to
changes in the competitive environment, we may, from time to time, make pricing, service or
marketing decisions or acquisitions that may be controversial with and lead to dissatisfaction
among sellers, which could reduce activity on our platform and harm our profitability.
7