- system reliability and security;
- reliability of delivery and payment, including customer preference for fast delivery and
free shipping and returns;
- level of service fees; and
- quality of search tools.
We may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Some
current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, larger customer bases and
greater brand recognition in other business and Internet sectors than we do.
Global and regional economic conditions could harm our business.
Our operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic
conditions. Adverse economic conditions and events (including volatility or distress in the
equity and/or debt or credit markets) have in the past negatively impacted regional and global
financial markets and will likely continue to do so from time to time in the future. These events
and conditions, including uncertainties and instability in economic and market conditions
caused by the United Kingdom’s vote to exit the European Union, could have a negative and
adverse impact on companies and customers with which we do business or cause us to write
down our assets or investments. In addition, financial turmoil affecting the banking system or
financial markets could cause additional consolidation of the financial services industry, or
significant financial service institution failures, new or incremental tightening in the credit
markets, low liquidity, and extreme volatility in fixed income, credit, currency, and equity
markets. Adverse impacts to the companies and customers with which we do business, the
banking system, or financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our business,
including a reduction in the volume and prices of transactions on our commerce platforms.
We are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
Because we generate the majority of our revenues outside the United States but report our
financial results in US. dollars, our financial results are impacted by fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates, or foreign exchange rates. The results of operations of many of our
internationally focused platforms are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as the
financial results of the applicable subsidiaries are translated from the local currency into US.
dollars for financial reporting purposes. If the US. dollar weakens against foreign currencies,
the translation of these foreign currency denominated revenues or expenses will result in
increased US. dollar denominated revenues and expenses. Similarly, if the US. dollar
strengthens against foreign currencies, particularly the Euro, British pound, Korean won or
Australian dollar, our translation of foreign currency denominated revenues or expenses will
result in lower US. dollar denominated net revenues and expenses. In addition to this
translation effect, a strengthening US. dollar will typically adversely affect the volume of goods
being sold by US. sellers to Europe and Australia more than it positively affects the volume of
goods being sold by sellers in those geographies to buyers in the United States, thereby
further negatively impacting our financial results.
While from time to time we enter into transactions to hedge portions of our foreign
currency translation exposure, it is impossible to predict or eliminate the effects of this
exposure. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could significantly impact our financial
results, which may have a significant impact on the trading price of our common stock and
debt securities.
lO