into with our employees and contractors and confidentiality agreements with parties with
whom we conduct business.
However, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in
which our products and services are made available, and contractual arrangements and other
steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not prevent third parties from
infringing or misappropriating our intellectual property or deter independent development of
equivalent or superior intellectual property rights by others. Trademark, copyright, patent,
domain name, trade dress and trade secret protection is very expensive to maintain and may
require litigation. We must protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary rights
in an increasing number of jurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time consuming and
may not be successful in everyjurisdiction. Also, we may not be able to discover or determine
the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. We have licensed in the past, and
expect to license in the future, certain of our proprietary rights, such as trademarks or
copyrighted material, to others. These licensees may take actions that diminish the value of
our proprietary rights or harm our reputation. Any failure to adequately protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights, or significant costs incurred in doing so, could materially harm our
business.
As the number of products in the software industry increases and the functionality of these
products further overlap, and as we acquire technology through acquisitions or licenses, we
may become increasingly subject to infringement claims, including patent, copyright, and
trademark infringement claims. Litigation may be necessary to determine the validity and
scope of the patent and other intellectual property rights of others. The ultimate outcome of
any allegation is uncertain and, regardless of the outcome, any such claim, with or without
merit, may be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management’s time and
attention from our business, require us to stop selling, delay roll—out, or redesign our products,
or require us to pay substantial amounts to satisfy judgments or settle claims or lawsuits or to
pay substantial royalty or licensing fees, or to satisfy indemnification obligations that we have
with some of our customers. Our failure to obtain necessary license or other rights, or litigation
or claims arising out of intellectual property matters, may harm our business.
Failure to deal effectively with fraudulent activities on our platforms would increase our
loss rate and harm our business, and could severe/y diminish merchant and consumer
confidence in and use of our services.
We face risks with respect to fraudulent activities on our platforms and periodically receive
complaints from buyers and sellers who may not have received the goods that they had
contracted to purchase or payment for the goods that a buyer had contracted to purchase. In
some European and Asian jurisdictions, buyers may also have the right to withdraw from a sale
made by a professional seller within a specified time period. While we can, in some cases,
suspend the accounts of users who fail to fulfill their payment or delivery obligations to other
users, we do not have the ability to require users to make payment or deliver goods, or
otherwise make users whole other than through its buyer protection program, which in the
United States we refer to as the eBay Money Back Guarantee. Although we have implemented
measures to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent activities, combat bad buyer
experiences and increase buyer satisfaction, including evaluating sellers on the basis of their
transaction history and restricting or suspending their activity, there can be no assurance that
these measures will be effective in combating fraudulent transactions or improving overall
satisfaction among sellers, buyers, and other participants. Additional measures to address
fraud could negatively affect the attractiveness of our services to buyers or sellers, resulting in
a reduction in the ability to attract new users or retain current users, damage to our reputation,
or a diminution in the value of our brand names.
21