PARTI
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form lO-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 7933 and Section 27E of the Securities Exchange Act of
7934, including statements that involve expectations, plans or intentions (such as those
relating to future business, future results of operations or financial condition, new or planned
features or services, or management strategies). You can identify these forward-looking
statements by words such as “may,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan” and other similar expressions. These forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ
materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Such risks and
uncertainties include, among others, those discussed in “Item 7A: Risk Factors” of this Annual
Report on Form lO-K, as well as in our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and the
other information appearing elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the Securities
and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. We do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to
update any of our forward-looking statements after the date of this report to reflect actual
results or future events or circumstances. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
ITEM 1: BUSINESS
Overview
eBay Inc. was formed as a sole proprietorship in September I995 and was incorporated in
California in May I996. In April I998, we reincorporated in Delaware, and in September I998, we
completed the initial public offering of our common stock. Our principal executive offices are
located at 2025 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose, California 95125, and our telephone number is
(408) 376—7400. Unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, when we
refer to “we,” “our,” “us” or “eBay” in this Annual Report on Form IO-K, we mean the current
Delaware corporation (eBay Inc.) and its California predecessor, as well as all of its
consolidated subsidiaries. When we refer to “eBay Inc.” we mean our Marketplace, StubHub
and Classifieds platforms.
eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader, which includes our Marketplace, StubHub and
Classifieds platforms. Collectively, we connect millions of buyers and sellers around the world.
The technologies and services that power our platforms are designed to enable sellers
worldwide to organize and offer their inventory for sale, and buyers to find and purchase it,
virtually anytime and anywhere. Our Marketplace platforms include our online marketplace
located at www.ebay.com, its localized counterparts and the eBay mobile apps. We believe
that these are among the world’s largest and most vibrant marketplaces for discovering great
value and unique selection. Our StubHub platforms include our online ticket platform located
at www.stubhub.com, its localized counterparts, the StubHub mobile apps and Ticketbis.
These platforms connect fans with their favorite sporting events, shows and artists and enable
them to buy and sell tens of thousands of tickets whenever they want. Our Classifieds
platforms include a collection of brands such as mobile.de, Kijiji, Gumtree, Marktplaats, eBay
Kleinanzeigen and others. Offering online classifieds in more than 1,500 cities around the
world, these platforms help people find whatever they are looking for in their local
communities.
Our platforms are accessible through a traditional online experience (e.g., desktop and
laptop computers), from mobile devices (e.g., smartphones and tablets) and by API (platform
I