eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
We have a cash pooling arrangement with a financial institution for cash management
purposes. This arrangement allows for cash withdrawals from the financial institution based
upon our aggregate operating cash balances held within the same financial institution
(“Aggregate Cash Deposits”). This arrangement also allows us to withdraw amounts exceeding
the Aggregate Cash Deposits up to an agreed-upon limit. The net balance of the withdrawals
and the Aggregate Cash Deposits are used by the financial institution as a basis for calculating
our net interest expense or income under the arrangement. As of December 31, 2016, we had a
total of $1.6 billion in cash withdrawals offsetting our $1.6 billion in Aggregate Cash Deposits
held within the financial institution under the cash pooling arrangement.
Litigation and Other Legal Matters
Overview
We are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings on an ongoing basis. Many of these
proceedings are in early stages and may seek an indeterminate amount of damages. If we
believe that a loss arising from such matters is probable and can be reasonably estimated, we
accrue the estimated liability in our financial statements. If only a range of estimated losses
can be determined, we accrue an amount within the range that, in our judgment, reflects the
most likely outcome; if none of the estimates within that range is a better estimate than any
other amount, we accrue the low end of the range. For those proceedings in which an
unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, we have disclosed an estimate
of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses or we have concluded that an estimate of
the reasonably possible loss or range arising directly from the proceeding (i.e., monetary
damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) are not material. If we cannot estimate
the probable or reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising from a proceeding, we have
disclosed that fact. In assessing the materiality of a proceeding, we evaluate, among other
factors, the amount of monetary damages claimed, as well as the potential impact of
non-monetary remedies sought by plaintiffs (e.g., injunctive relief) that may require us to
change our business practices in a manner that could have a material adverse impact on our
business. With respect to the matters disclosed in this Note 12, we are unable to estimate the
possible loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application of such
non-monetary remedies.
Amounts accrued for legal and regulatory proceedings for which we believe a loss is
probable were not material for the twelve months ended December 31, 2016. Except as
otherwise noted for the proceedings described in this Note 12, we have concluded, based on
currently available information, that reasonably possible losses arising directly from the
proceedings (i.e., monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) in excess of
our recorded accruals are also not material. However, legal and regulatory proceedings are
inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. If one or more matters were
resolved against us in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s
expectations, the impact on our operating results or financial condition for that reporting
period could be material.
Litigation
In March 2015, StubHub filed suit against Ticketmaster and the Golden State Warriors,
alleging antitrust and various state law violations arising out of the defendants’ restrictive
ticketing practices, which include prohibiting the resale of Warriors tickets on StubHub or any
F—36