access for third party software developers). Our multi—screen approach offers downloadable,
easy-to-use applications for iOS and Android mobile devices that allow access to ebay.oom
and some of our other websites and vertical shopping experiences. In addition, our platform is
increasingly based on open source technologies that provide industry-standard ways for
software developers and merchants to access our application programming interfaces, or
APls, to develop software and solutions for commerce.
Offerings
Delivering the best choice, the most relevance and the most powerful selling platform
Our objective is to drive the best choice, the most relevance and the most powerful selling
platform for our buyers and sellers. We continue to focus on customizing our buying and
selling experiences to make it easier for users to list, find and buy items by offering formats
dedicated to specific products or categories. On our Marketplace platforms, we have built
specialized experiences such as eBay Deals, which offers a variety of products in multiple
categories at discounted prices with free shipping. Other experiences include Fashion, Motors
and Electronics.
One of the changes we are making to our Marketplace platform is the shift to better
understand, organize and leverage the inventory on eBay. This initiative, which we call
structured data, will allow us to expand new experiences to more traffic and drive data quality.
As one of the world’s largest ticket marketplaces, StubHub connects people through
inspiring live experiences. Event-goers can find more than 10 million live sports, music, theater
and other events in more than 40 countries on our StubHub platforms, and can browse,
buy and sell anytime, anywhere through desktop and mobile devices.
As a world leader in online classifieds, eBay’s Classifieds platforms are designed to help
people list their products and services generally for free, find whatever they are looking for in
their local communities and trade at a local level. eBay Classifieds Group’s ll global brands
offer both horizontal and vertical experiences, such as motors, real estate and jobs.
Business model and pricing
Our business model and pricing are designed so that our business is successful primarily
when our sellers are successful. We partner, but do not compete with, our sellers to enable
their success on eBay’s platforms. Our eBay Top Rated Seller program rewards qualifying
sellers with fee discounts and improved search standing for qualifying listings if they are able
to maintain excellent customer service ratings and meet specified criteria for shipping and
returns. We believe that sellers who fulfill these standards help promote our goal of maintaining
an online marketplace that is safe and hassle—free.
eBay Money Back Guarantee covers most items purchased on our websites in a number of
countries, including the U.S., the U.K., Germany and Australia, through a qualifying payment
method and protects most buyers with respect to items that are not received or are received
but not as described in the listing. Some purchases, including some vehicles, are not covered.
eBay Money Back Guarantee provides coverage for the purchase price of the item, plus
original shipping costs, for a limited period of time from the original date of transaction, and
includes a streamlined interface to help buyers and sellers navigate the process.
The size and scale of our platforms are designed to enable our buyers and sellers to
leverage economies of scale and capital investment, for example in sales and marketing,
mobile, customer acquisition and customer service.
2