eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
currency risk. We use foreign currency exchange contracts, primarily short-term in nature,
generally one month to one year in duration but with maturities up to 18 months, to reduce the
volatility of cash flows primarily related to forecasted revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. The objective of the foreign exchange contracts is to
better ensure that ultimately the U.S. dollar-equivalent cash flows are not adversely affected by
changes in the applicable U.S. dollar/foreign currency exchange rate. For derivative
instruments that are designated as cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the derivative’s
gain or loss is initially reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss) and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period the forecasted
transaction affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the unrealized gains and losses on
these contracts, if any, is recorded immediately in earnings. We evaluate the effectiveness of
our foreign exchange contracts on a quarterly basis. We do not use any foreign exchange
contracts for trading purposes. Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges must
be de—designated as hedges when it is probable the forecasted hedged transaction will not
occur in the initially identified time period or within a subsequent two—month time period.
Unrealized gains and losses in AOCl associated with such derivative instruments are
immediately reclassified into earnings.
As of December 31, 2016, we have estimated that approximately $51 million of net
derivative gains related to our cash flow hedges included in accumulated other
comprehensive income will be reclassified into earnings within the next 12 months. For our
derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges, the amounts recognized in earnings
related to the ineffective portion were not material in each of the periods presented, and we
did not exclude any component of the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments from
the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
Interest Rate Contracts
In connection with the July 2014 issuance of our fixed rate notes due 2019, 202i and 2024,
we entered into certain interest rate swap agreements that have the economic effect of
modifying the fixed interest obligations associated with $2.4 billion of these notes so that the
interest payable on these senior notes effectively became variable based on London lnterBank
Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a spread. We have designated these swap agreements as
qualifying hedging instruments and are accounting for them as fair value hedges. These
transactions are characterized as fair value hedges for financial accounting purposes because
they protect us against changes in the fair value of certain of our fixed rate borrowings due to
benchmark interest rate movements. Changes in the fair values of these interest rate swap
agreements are recognized in other assets or other liabilities with a corresponding increase or
decrease in long-term debt. Each quarter we pay interest based on LIBOR plus a spread to the
counterparty and on a semi—annual basis receive interest from the counterparty per the fixed
rate of these senior notes. The net amount is recognized as interest expense in interest and
other, net. The ineffective portion of the unrealized gains and losses on these contracts, if any,
is recorded immediately in earnings. We evaluate the effectiveness of our contracts on a
quarterly basis. We do not use any interest rate swap agreements for trading purposes.
For our derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges, the amounts recognized in
earnings related to the ineffective portion were not material in each of the periods presented,
and we did not exclude any component of the changes in fair value of the derivative
instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
F-27