As of December 31, 2016, the balance of our government bond and corporate debt
securities was $9.2 billion, which represented approximately 82% of our total cash and
investments. Investments in both fixed—rate and floating-rate interest-earning instruments
carry varying degrees of interest rate risk. The fair market value of our fixed—rate investment
securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates. In general, fixed-rate
securities with longer maturities are subject to greater interest—rate risk than those with shorter
maturities. While floating rate securities generally are subject to less interest-rate risk than
fixed-rate securities, floating-rate securities may produce less income than expected if
interest rates decrease and may also suffer a decline in market value if interest rates increase.
Due in part to these factors, our investment income may fall short of expectations or we may
suffer losses in principal if we sell securities that have declined in market value due to changes
in interest rates. A 100 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would not have a
material impact on our financial assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2016.
As of December 31, 2016, we have $9.0 billion of outstanding senior notes, of which 91%
bore interest at fixed rates. We entered into $2.4 billion of interest rate swap agreements that
have the economic effect of modifying the fixed interest obligations associated with
$1.15 billion of our 2.2% senior notes due July 2019, $750 million of our 2.875% senior notes due
July 2021, and $500 million of our 3.450% senior notes due July 2024 so that the interest
payable on those notes effectively became variable based on LIBOR plus a spread. Further
changes in interest rates will impact interest expense on any borrowings under our revolving
credit facility, which bear interest at floating rates, and the interest rate on any commercial
paper borrowings we make and any debt securities we may issue in the future and,
accordingly, will impact interest expense. For additional details related to our debt, please see
“Note 11 — Debt” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.
Investment Risk
The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve principal while at the same
time improving yields without significantly increasing risk. To achieve this objective, we
maintain our cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of asset
types, including bank deposits, government bonds and corporate debt securities.
As of December 31, 2016, our cost and equity method investments totaled $118 million,
which represented approximately 1% of our total cash and investments, and were primarily
related to equity method investments in privately held companies. We review our investments
for impairment when events and circumstances indicate a decline in fair value of such assets
below carrying value is other-than—temporary. Our analysis includes a review of recent
operating results and trends, recent sales/acquisitions of the securities in which we have
invested and other publicly available data.
Foreign Currency Risk
Our commerce platforms operate globally, resulting in certain revenues and costs that are
denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro, British pound, Korean won and
Australian dollar, subjecting us to foreign currency risk which may adversely impact our
financial results. We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant
international revenues as well as costs. In addition, we charge our international subsidiaries for
their use of intellectual property and technology and for certain corporate services we
provide. Our cash flow, results of operations and certain of our intercompany balances that are
exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may differ materially from expectations and we
may record significant gains or losses due to foreign currency fluctuations and related
hedging activities.
64