$7.4 billion of undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries because we intend to
reinvest those earnings indefinitely in our foreign subsidiaries. If these earnings were
distributed into the U.S. in the form of dividends to eBay companies domiciled in the U.S. or if
the shares of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we would be
subject to additional U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and
foreign withholding taxes. Additionally, please see the information in “Item 1A: Risk Factors”
under the caption “We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities.”
From time to time we engage in certain intercompany transactions. We consider many
factors when evaluating these transactions. These transactions may impact our tax rate and/or
result in additional cash tax payments. The impact in any period may be significant. These
transactions are complex and the impact of such transactions on future periods may be
difficult to estimate.
We are regularly under examination by tax authorities both domestically and
internationally. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved for any adjustments
that may ultimately result from these examinations, although we cannot assure you that this will
be the case given the inherent uncertainties in these examinations. Due to the ongoing tax
examinations, we believe it is impractical to determine the amount and timing of these
adjustments.
Non-GAAP Measure of Financial Performance
To supplement our consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles we use FX—Neutral net revenues, which are
non-GAAP financial measures. Management uses the foregoing non—GAAP measures in
reviewing our financial results. We define FX-Neutral net revenues as net revenues minus the
exchange rate effect. We define exchange rate effect as the year-over—year impact of foreign
currency movements using prior period foreign currency rates applied to current year
transactional currency amounts.
These non-GAAP measures are not in accordance with, or an alternative to, measures
prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non—GAAP measures used by
other companies. In addition, these non-GAAP measures are not based on any comprehensive
set of accounting rules or principles. Non—GAAP measures have limitations in that they do not
reflect all of the amounts associated with our results of operations as determined in
accordance with GAAP. These measures should only be used to evaluate our results of
operations in conjunction with the corresponding GAAP measures.
These non-GAAP measures are provided to enhance investors’ overall understanding of
our current financial performance and its prospects for the future. Specifically, we believe
these non—GAAP measures provide useful information to both management and investors by
excluding the foreign currency exchange rate impact that may not be indicative of our core
operating results and business outlook. In addition, because we have historically reported
certain non-GAAP results to investors, we believe that the inclusion of these non—GAAP
measures provide consistency in our financial reporting.
51