Since our risk management programs are highly effective, the potential loss in value
described above would be largely offset by changes in the value of the underlying exposure.
In addition, we use foreign exchange contracts to offset the foreign exchange risk on our
assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our
subsidiaries. These contracts reduce, but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of currency
exchange rate movements on our assets and liabilities. The foreign currency gains and losses
on the assets and liabilities are recorded in interest and other, net, which are offset by the
gains and losses on the foreign exchange contracts.
We considered the historical trends in currency exchange rates and determined that it
was reasonably possible that adverse changes in exchange rates of 20% for all currencies
could be experienced in the near term. These changes would have resulted in an adverse
impact on income before income taxes of approximately $10 million as of December 31, 2016
taking into consideration the offsetting effect of foreign exchange forwards in place as of
December 31, 2016.
ITEM 8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARYDATA
The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes listed in Part IV,
Item l5(a)(l) of this Annual Report on Form lO-K are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form lO—K.
ITEM 9: CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
None.
ITEM 9A: CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Rules 13a—l5(e) and l5d—l5(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act) required by Exchange Act
Rules 13a—15(b) or 15d-15(b), our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer
have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as a result of the material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting discussed below.
Changes in internal controls. There were no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-l5(f) and 15d-l5(f) that occurred during our most
recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
Material Weakness. In reviewing the accounting for certain transactions completed in
December 2016 as part of the realignment of our legal structure described above under the
caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operation — Provision for Income Taxes,” our management identified a deficiency in our
internal control over financial reporting that is described in Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management has concluded that this deficiency
constitutes a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. Nonetheless,
we have concluded that this material weakness does not require a change in the fourth quarter
or full year 2016 consolidated financial results that we released in January 2017, nor does it
require a restatement of or change in our consolidated financial statements for any prior annual
or interim period. We also developed a remediation plan for this material weakness, which is
also described below.
66