From time to time, we are involved in other disputes or regulatory inquiries that arise in the
ordinary course of business, including suits by our users (individually or as class actions)
alleging, among other things, improper disclosure of our prices, rules or policies, that our
practices, prices, rules, policies or customer/user agreements violate applicable law or that
we have acted unfairly and/or not acted in conformity with such prices, rules, policies or
agreements. Further, the number and significance of these disputes and inquiries are
increasing as we have grown larger, our businesses have expanded in scope (both in terms of
the range of products and services that we offer and our geographical operations) and our
products and services have increased in complexity. Any claims or regulatory actions against
us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, damage
awards (including statutory damages for certain causes of action in certain jurisdictions),
injunctive relief or increased costs of doing business through adverse judgment or settlement,
require us to change our business practices in expensive ways, require significant amounts of
management time, result in the diversion of significant operational resources or otherwise
harm our business.
Indemnification Provisions
We entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements
with PayPal to govern the separation and relationship of the two companies going forward.
These agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to
disputes between us and PayPal, which may be significant. In addition, the indemnity rights we
have against PayPal under the agreements may not be sufficient to protect us and our
indemnity obligations to PayPal may be significant.
In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors,
executive officers and certain other officers. These agreements require us to indemnify such
individuals, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, for certain liabilities to which they
may become subject as a result of their affiliation with us.
In the ordinary course of business, we have included limited indemnification provisions in
certain of our agreements with parties with which we have commercial relations, including our
standard marketing, promotions and application-programming-interface license agreements.
Under these contracts, we generally indemnify, hold harmless and agree to reimburse the
indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party in connection with
claims by a third party with respect to our domain names, trademarks, logos and other
branding elements to the extent that such marks are applicable to our performance under the
subject agreement. In certain cases, we have agreed to provide indemnification for intellectual
property infringement. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these
indemnification provisions due to our limited history of prior indemnification claims and the
unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision. To date, losses recorded
in our consolidated statement of income in connection with our indemnification provisions
have not been significant, either individually or collectively.
ITEM 4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
Not applicable
34