eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Income taxes
We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach, which requires the
recognition of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and
assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial
statements or tax returns. The measurement of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is
based on provisions of enacted tax laws; the effects of future changes in tax laws or rates are
not anticipated. If necessary, the measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced by the
amount of any tax benefits that are not expected to be realized based on available evidence.
We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. We recognize interest and penalties, if any,
related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
Cash and cash equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents are short-term, highly liquid investments with original maturities
of three months or less when purchased and are primarily comprised of bank deposits,
certificates of deposit and commercial paper.
Allowance for doubtful accounts and authorized credits
We record our allowance for doubtful accounts based upon our assessment of various
factors. We consider historical experience, the age of the accounts receivable balances,
current economic conditions and other factors that may affect our customers’ ability to pay.
The allowance for doubtful accounts and authorized credits was $81 million and $84 million as
of December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Investments
Short-term investments, which may include marketable equity securities, time deposits,
certificates of deposit, government bonds and corporate debt securities with original
maturities of greater than three months but less than one year when purchased, are classified
as available—for-sale and are reported at fair value using the specific identification method.
Unrealized gains and losses are excluded from earnings and reported as a component of other
comprehensive income (loss), net of related estimated income tax provisions or benefits.
Long—term investments may include marketable government bonds and corporate debt
securities, time deposits, certificates of deposit and cost and equity method investments.
Debt securities are classified as available—for-sale and are reported at fair value using the
specific identification method. Unrealized gains and losses on our available—for—sale
investments are excluded from earnings and reported as a component of other
comprehensive income (loss), net of related estimated income tax provisions or benefits.
Our equity method investments are primarily investments in privately—held companies. Our
consolidated results of operations include, as a component of interest and other, net, our
share of the net income or loss of the equity method investments. Our share of investees’
results of operations is not significant for any period presented. Our cost method investments
consist of investments in privately held companies and are recorded at cost. Amounts
received from our cost method investees were not material to any period presented.
F-ll