eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS—(Continued)
Note 3 — Business Combinations and Divestitures
Business Combinations
During 2016, we completed six acquisitions — Cargigi lnc., Expertmaker, SalesPredict,
Ticketbis, Ticket Utils and Corrigon Ltd. — for an aggregate purchase consideration of
approximately $212 million, consisting of cash. We believe these acquisitions will help us build
a better user experience, improve discoverability and grow our international presence.
Acquisition activity in 2015 was immaterial.
The consolidated financial statements include the operating results of acquired
businesses from the date of each acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for these
acquisitions have not been presented because the effect of the acquisitions were not material
to our financial results.
The aggregate purchase consideration of our 2016 acquisitions was allocated as follows:
Ticketbis:_:0thei:_:TotaI:
I Purchased intangible assets $ 48 $28 $ 76$
Goodwill 128 57 185
l Net liabilities (35) (14)_ mg
Total $141 $ 71 $212
These allocations have been prepared on a preliminary basis and changes to these
allocations may occur as additional information becomes available. We generally do not
expect goodwill to be deductible for income tax purposes.
Divestitures
Divestiture activity in 2016 was immaterial. During 2015, we completed the Distribution of
PayPal and the sale of Enterprise. See “Note 4 — Discontinued Operations” for additional
information.
Note 4 — Discontinued Operations
On June 26, 2015, our Board approved the separation of PayPal through the Distribution. To
consummate the Distribution, our Board declared a pro rata dividend of PayPal Holdings, Inc.
common stock to eBay’s stockholders of record as of the close of business on July 8, 2015 (the
“Record Date”). Each eBay stockholder received one (1) share of PayPal Holdings, Inc. common
stock for every share of eBay common stock held at the close of business on the Record Date.
The Distribution occurred on July 17, 2015. Immediately following the Distribution, PayPal
became an independent, publicly traded company listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market under
the ticker “PYPL.” eBay continues to trade on The NASDAQ Stock Market under the ticker
“EBAY.” We classified the financial results of PayPal as discontinued operations in our
consolidated statement of income. Additionally, the related assets and liabilities associated
with the discontinued operations were classified as discontinued operations in our
consolidated balance sheet. In connection with the Distribution, we reviewed our capital
allocation strategy to ensure that each of PayPal and eBay would be well capitalized at
Distribution. As part of this strategy, we contributed approximately $3.8 billion of cash to PayPal.
F-17