attributable to their state from certain out—of—state businesses. Similarly, in Europe, and
elsewhere in the world, there are various tax reform efforts underway designed to ensure that
corporate entities are taxed on a larger percentage of their earnings. Companies that operate
over the Internet, such as eBay, are a target of some of these efforts. If more taxing authorities
are successful in applying direct taxes to Internet companies that do not have a physical
presence in their respective jurisdictions, this could increase our effective tax rate.
We may be subject to sales reporting and record-keeping obligations.
One or more states, the US. federal government or foreign countries may seek to impose
reporting or record-keeping obligations on companies that engage in or facilitate ecommerce.
Such an obligation could be imposed by legislation intended to improve tax compliance (and
legislation to such effect has been contemplated by several states and a number of foreign
jurisdictions) or if one of our companies was ever deemed to be the legal agent of the users of
our services by a jurisdiction in which it operates. Certain of our companies are required to
report to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) on customers subject to US. income tax who
receive more than $20,000 in payments and more than 200 payments in a calendar year. As a
result, we are required to request tax identification numbers from certain payees, track
payments by tax identification number and, under certain conditions, withhold a portion of
payments and forward such withholding to the IRS. We have modified our systems to meet
these requirements and expect increased operational costs and changes to our user
experience in connection with complying with these reporting obligations. Any failure by us to
meet these requirements could result in substantial monetary penalties and other sanctions
and could harm our business.
Our business is subject to online security risks, including security breaches and
cyberattacks.
Our businesses involve the storage and transmission of users’ personal financial
information. In addition, a significant number of our users authorize us to bill their payment card
accounts directly for all transaction and other fees charged by us. An increasing number of
websites, including those owned by several other large Internet and offline companies, have
disclosed breaches of their security, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly
targeted attacks on portions of their websites or infrastructure. The techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently,
may be difficult to detect for a long time, and often are not recognized until launched against a
target. Certain efforts may be state sponsored and supported by significant financial and
technological resources and therefore may be even more difficult to detect. As a result, we
may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative
measures. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities
through various means, including hacking into our systems or facilities, fraud, trickery or other
means of deceiving our employees, contractors and temporary staff. A party that is able to
circumvent our security measures could misappropriate our or our users’ personal information,
cause interruption or degradations in our operations, damage our computers or those of our
users, or otherwise damage our reputation. In addition, our users have been and likely will
continue to be targeted by parties using fraudulent “spoof” and “phishing” emails to
misappropriate user names, passwords, payment card numbers, or other personal information
or to introduce viruses or other malware through “trojan horse” programs to our users’
computers. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to cyberattacks
or security incidents and third parties may be able to access our users’ proprietary information
and payment card data that are stored on or accessible through our systems. Any security
breach at a company providing services to us or our users could have similar effects.
26