unable to remediate the material weakness, our ability to record, process and report financial
information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods specified
by the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission, could be adversely
affected. The occurrence of or failure to remediate the material weakness may adversely
affect our reputation and business and the market price of our common stock and any other
securities we may issue.
We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates.
Some of our borrowings bear interest at floating rates and we have entered into
agreements intended to convert the interest rate on some of our fixed rate debt instruments to
floating rates. To the extent that prevailing rates increase, our interest expense under these
debt instruments will increase.
Investments in both fixed—rate and floating-rate interest-earning instruments carry varying
degrees of interest rate risk. The fair market value of our fixed—rate investment securities may
be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates. In general, fixed-rate securities with
longer maturities are subject to greater interest-rate risk than those with shorter maturities.
While floating rate securities generally are subject to less interest—rate risk than fixed-rate
securities, floating-rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates
decrease and may also suffer a decline in market value if interest rates increase. Due in part to
these factors, our investment income may decline or we may suffer losses in principal if
securities are sold that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates. In
addition, relatively low interest rates limit our investment income. Fluctuations in interest rates
that increase the cost of our current or future indebtedness, cause the market value of our
assets to decline or reduce our investment income could adversely affect our financial results.
Our tickets business is subject to regulatory, competitive and other risks that could harm
this business.
Our tickets business, which includes StubHub, is subject to numerous risks, including:
- Some jurisdictions, in particular jurisdictions outside the United States, prohibit the
resale of event tickets (anti—scalping laws) at prices above the face value of the tickets
or at all, or highly regulate the resale of tickets, and new laws and regulations or
changes to existing laws and regulations imposing these or other restrictions could
limit or inhibit our ability to operate, or our users’ ability to continue to use, our tickets
business.
- Regulatory agencies or courts may claim or hold that we are responsible for ensuring
that our users comply with these laws and regulations.
- In many jurisdictions, our tickets business depends on commercial partnerships with
event organizers or licensed ticket vendors, which we must develop and maintain on
acceptable terms for our tickets business to be successful.
- Our tickets business is subject to seasonal fluctuations and the general economic and
business conditions that impact the sporting events and live entertainment industries.
- A portion of the tickets inventory sold by sellers on the StubHub platform is processed
by StubHub in digital form. Systems failures, security breaches, theft or other
disruptions that result in the loss of such sellers’ tickets inventory, could result in
significant costs and a loss of consumer confidence in our tickets business.
- Lawsuits alleging a variety of causes of actions have in the past, and may in the future,
be filed against StubHub and eBay by venue owners, competitors, ticket buyers, and
18