operate our platforms. We consider many factors in effecting this realignment, including
foreign exchange exposures, long-term cash flows and cash needs of our platforms, capital
allocation considerations and the associated tax effects. As a result of the initial stages of this
realignment and the associated tax agreements, we have achieved a substantial step-up in the
tax basis of the intangible assets in our foreign eBay platforms. We recognized a tax benefit of
$4.6 billion, which represents the income tax effect of the step—up in tax basis. In the future, we
expect the noncash tax impacts of the realignment in our foreign eBay platforms will
significantly increase our income tax provision.
The realignment is expected to extend into 2018 and primarily impact our international
entities. In the first half of 2017, we may achieve a step—up in the tax basis of the intangible
assets in our foreign Classifieds platforms. Accordingly, the noncash tax impacts of the
realignment in our foreign Classifieds platforms will impact our tax provision in a manner similar
to the impact from our foreign eBay platforms.
We benefit from tax rulings concluded in several different jurisdictions, most significantly
Switzerland and Luxembourg. The cash tax benefit of these rulings totaled approximately
$307 million in 2016, $319 million in 2015 and $339 million in 2014. We expect the ongoing
realignment of our legal structure will result in the termination, amendment or replacement of
certain tax rulings. However, we expect to continue to benefit from tax rulings that lower our
cash tax obligations in certain foreign jurisdictions. In the future, we expect these cash tax
benefits to remain consistent, subject to the performance of our foreign platforms.
Our provision for income taxes differs from the provision computed by applying the US.
federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower tax rates associated with certain earnings
from our operations in certain lower-tax jurisdictions outside the US. The impact on our
provision for income taxes of foreign income being taxed at different rates than the US.
federal statutory rate was a benefit of approximately $346 million in 2016, $399 million in 2015
and $432 million in 2014. The foreign jurisdictions with lower tax rates that had the most
significant impact on our provision for income taxes in the periods presented include
Switzerland and Luxembourg. We expect to continue to benefit from lower tax rates due to our
continued operations in foreign jurisdictions, in particular, in Switzerland. See “Note 15 —
Income Taxes” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for more
information on our tax rate reconciliation.
Our relative pretax earnings and revenues attributable to the US. as compared to the rest
of the world may differ over time. For the year ended December 31, 2016 our US share of pretax
income and net revenues was 41.9% and 43.1%, respectively. For the year ended December 31,
2015, our US. share of pretax income and net revenues was 16.5% and 42.2%%,
respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2014, our US. share of pretax income and net
revenues was 20.3% and 40.1%, respectively. The difference in relative pretax income and net
revenues attributable to the US, as compared to the rest of the world for both 2016 and 2015,
was primarily related to larger stock-based compensation expense recorded in the US. for
US. based employees, overhead related to our corporate operations which are primarily US.
based and higher average margins earned by non—U.S. businesses. In addition, the US. pretax
income for 2016 includes a $979 million gain on the sale of the US. portion of our equity
holdings of MercadoLibre, Inc.
Our provision for income taxes is volatile and, in general, is adversely impacted by
earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than
anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates. Our provision for income taxes does not
include provisions for US. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes associated with
50