To our Stockholders,
2016 was an important year of change for eBay as a pioneering global ecommerce
business. We began to make progress executing a three—pronged plan to drive the best
choice, the most relevance and the most powerful selling platform, while at the same time
taking steps to sharpen eBay’s brand. And we delivered strong results that affirmed our
confidence in our business and our prospects for success in the future. While we are still at the
early stages of eBay’s next chapter, our global community of buyers, sellers and employees is
vibrant and growing.
Last year we also outlined a set of principles that guide our approach: We will persistently
reinvent our business; we are running the company for long-term success; we are a
technology company and are builders at heart; and we are purpose—driven. This ethos is the
foundation of our culture and business strategy.
Online commerce is a dynamic and exciting space, and we believe that eBay is poised to
benefit from massive changes that are occurring across the retail landscape. We also believe
that technology is the most important factor that will separate winners from losers in this
rapidly changing environment. This is a world in which eBay can thrive.
In 2016, we began to leverage the advantages that will drive our success in the future. We
have 21 years of knowledge and experience in online commerce, a broad set of product
inventory, deep and rich data that powers our shopping platform, global scale and the #32
brand in the world.
As we began to execute our strategy in 2016, much of the work we did was to begin to
build the foundation for the future of our business. At the same time, we remained focused on
accelerating growth and leveraging technology and our platform to be a disruptor, which will
fuel even more opportunity and success.
Driving the Best Choice, Most Relevance 8- Most Powerful Selling Platform
To drive the best choice, in 2016 we honed our retail—mindset to more actively manage
inventory and focus marketing activity around key retail moments — which helped us cross the
one billion live listings mark for the first time. We announced partnerships with commerce
integrators to help enable a broad set of small- and medium-sized merchants to scale their
businesses on eBay. And we signed new strategic brand partners to our platform that will help
drive more choice for our consumers. lmportantly, we also saw accelerating growth in the
number of business sellers on our platform, bringing even more relevant inventory into our
marketplace.
To deliver the most relevant shopping experience, we continued our efforts to better
understand, organize and leverage eBay’s inventory. With our structured data initiative, we
were able to begin organizing our vast inventory around products rather than listings and
aggregate insights into supply and demand. We continue to broaden the coverage of
structured data, which in 2016 enabled us to create and start rolling out new consumer
experiences that are modern, simple and differentiated. One of our goals is to deliver a more
personalized shopping experience by determining what products to show our consumers and
highlight the incredible price and selection advantages that eBay often provides across
categories.
Mobile has long been a competitive differentiator for us, and in 2016 we continued to
innovate our mobile experience. After the mid-year launch of our fully redesigned mobile
experience, we received the highest app reviews ever. We exited 2016 with accelerating
mobile growth and with 59% of GMV involving a mobile touch point.