the $8.2 billion held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries, approximately $4.6 billion was available for
use in the U.S. without incurring additional U.S. income taxes in excess of the amounts already
accrued in our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31,
2016, we had not repatriated any of these funds to the U.S. and, as a result, we have not yet
paid U.S. tax on any portion of these funds. However, to the extent we repatriate these funds to
the U.S., we will be required to pay U.S. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on
those amounts during the period when such repatriation occurs. The remaining amount of
non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents, as well as short-term and long-term non-equity
investments, have been indefinitely reinvested and, therefore, no U.S. current or deferred
taxes have been accrued as this amount is necessary to support our planned ongoing
investments in our foreign operations. We believe our U.S. sources of cash and liquidity are
sufficient to meet our business needs in the U.S., and we do not expect that we will need to
repatriate the funds we have designated as indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. Under
current tax laws, should our plans change and we were to choose to repatriate some or all of
the funds we have designated as indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S., such amounts would
be subject to U.S. income taxes and applicable non—U.S. income and withholding taxes.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, we sold our equity holdings of MercadoLibre, Inc. for net
proceeds of $1.3 billion. The pre-tax gain of $1.3 billion was recorded in interest and other, net
on our consolidated statement of income.
We actively monitor all counterparties that hold our cash and cash equivalents and
non-equity investments, focusing primarily on the safety of principal and secondarily on
improving yield on these assets. We diversify our cash and cash equivalents and investments
among various counterparties in order to reduce our exposure should any one of these
counterparties fail or encounter difficulties. To date, we have not experienced any material
loss or lack of access to our invested cash, cash equivalents or short—term investments;
however, we can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash, cash equivalents or
short-term investments will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. At
any point in time we have funds in our operating accounts and customer accounts that are
deposited and invested with third party financial institutions.
We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term and long-term
investments, together with cash expected to be generated from operations, borrowings
available under our credit agreement and commercial paper program, and our access to
capital markets, will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, anticipated capital
expenditures and stock repurchases for the foreseeable future.
Off-Balance SheetArrangements
As of December 31, 2016, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are
reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our consolidated financial
condition, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
We have a cash pooling arrangement with a financial institution for cash management
purposes. This arrangement allows for cash withdrawals from the financial institution based
upon our aggregate operating cash balances held within the same financial institution
(“Aggregate Cash Deposits”). This arrangement also allows us to withdraw amounts exceeding
the Aggregate Cash Deposits up to an agreed-upon limit. The net balance of the withdrawals
and the Aggregate Cash Deposits are used by the financial institution as a basis for calculating
our net interest expense or income under the arrangement. As of December 31, 2016, we had a
total of $1.6 billion in cash withdrawals offsetting our $1.6 billion in Aggregate Cash Deposits
held within the financial institution under the cash pooling arrangement.
59