Revenue Recognition
We may enter into certain revenue transactions, primarily related to certain advertising
contracts, that are considered multiple element arrangements (arrangements with more than
one deliverable). We also may enter into arrangements to purchase goods and/or services
from certain customers. As a result, significant interpretation and judgment is sometimes
required to determine the appropriate accounting for these transactions including: (1) how the
arrangement consideration should be allocated among potential multiple deliverables;
(2) developing an estimate of the stand—alone selling price of each deliverable; (3) whether
revenue should be reported gross (as eBay is acting as a principal), or net (as eBay is acting as
an agent); (4) when we provide cash consideration to our customers, determining whether we
are receiving an identifiable benefit that is separable from the customer’s purchase of our
products and/or services and for which we can reasonably estimate fair value; and (5) whether
the arrangement would be characterized as revenue or reimbursement of costs incurred.
Changes in judgments with respect to these assumptions and estimates could impact the
timing or amount of revenue recognition.
Income Taxes
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning
opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws are
complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective government
taxing authorities. Significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in
evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. We review our tax positions
quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. Our income tax rate
is significantly affected by the tax rates that apply to our foreign earnings. In addition to local
country tax laws and regulations, our income tax rate depends on the extent that our earnings
are indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. Indefinite reinvestment is determined by
management’s judgment about and intentions concerning our future operations. As of
December 31, 2016, $7.4 billion of earnings had been indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S.,
primarily in active non—U.S. business operations. We do not intend to repatriate these earnings
to fund U.S. operations and, accordingly, we do not provide for U.S. federal income and foreign
withholding tax on these earnings.
Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on
taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards. We evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and
credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources,
including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and
available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates that are
based on a number of factors, including our historical experience and short-range and long—
range business forecasts. As of December 31, 2016, we had a valuation allowance on certain
loss carryforwards based on our assessment that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax
asset will not be realized.
We recognize and measure uncertain tax positions in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the U.S., or GAAP, pursuant to which we only recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax
benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based
on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon
ultimate settlement. We report a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain
61