eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
We assess whether an other-than—temporary impairment loss on our investments has
occurred due to declines in fair value or other market conditions. With respect to our debt
securities, this assessment takes into account the severity and duration of the decline in value,
our intent to sell the security, whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell
the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, and whether we expect to recover the
entire amortized cost basis of the security (that is, whether a credit loss exists).
Property and equipment
Property and equipment are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation.
Depreciation is computed using the straight—line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets, generally, one to three years for computer equipment and software, up to thirty years
for buildings and building improvements, the shorter of five years or the term of the lease for
leasehold improvements and three years for furniture, fixtures and vehicles.
Goodwill and intangible assets
Goodwill is tested for impairment at a minimum on an annual basis. Goodwill is tested for
impairment at the reporting unit level. A qualitative assessment can be performed to
determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than
its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the qualitative assessment, then the
reporting unit’s carrying value is compared to its fair value. The fair values of the reporting units
are estimated using income and market approaches. Goodwill is considered impaired if the
carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow method, a
form of the income approach, uses expected future operating results and a market participant
discount rate. The market approach uses comparable company prices and other relevant
information generated by market transactions (either publicly traded entities or merger and
acquisitions) to develop pricing metrics to be applied to historical and expected future
operating results of our reporting units. Failure to achieve these expected results, changes in
the discount rate or market pricing metrics may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the
reporting unit. We conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill as of August 31, 2016 and
2015. Additionally, we evaluated impairment based on the significant activities regarding the
Distribution and Enterprise divestiture during 2015. See “Note 4 — Discontinued Operations”
for further detail. As a result of this test, we determined that no further adjustment to the
carrying value of goodwill for any reporting units was required.
Intangible assets consist of purchased customer lists and user base, marketing related,
developed technologies and other intangible assets, including patents and contractual
agreements. Intangible assets are amortized over the period of estimated benefit using the
straight-line method and estimated useful lives ranging from one to five years. No significant
residual value is estimated for intangible assets.
Impairment of long-lived assets
We evaluate long-lived assets (including intangible assets) for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a long—lived asset
may not be recoverable. An asset is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the
undiscounted future net cash flow the asset is expected to generate. In 2016, 2015 and 2014,
no impairment was noted.
F-12