officers, or our employees; prohibitions on the conduct of our business; and damage to our
reputation. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to promote
compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or
agents will not violate our policies. These risks inherent in our international operations and
expansion increase our costs of doing business internationally and could harm our business.
Any factors that reduce cross-border trade or make such trade more difficult could harm
our business.
Cross-border trade is an important source of both revenue and profits for us. Cross-
border trade also represents our primary (or in some cases, only) presence in certain important
markets, such as Brazil/Latin America, China, and various other countries. In addition, our
cross-border trade is also subject to, and may be impacted by, foreign exchange rate
fluctuations.
The interpretation and application of specific national or regional laws, such as those
related to intellectual property rights of authentic products, selective distribution networks,
and sellers in other countries listing items on the Internet, and the potential interpretation and
application of laws of multiple jurisdictions (e.g., the jurisdiction of the buyer, the seller, and/or
the location of the item being sold) are often extremely complicated in the context of cross-
border trade. The interpretation and/or application of such laws could impose restrictions on,
or increase the costs of, purchasing, selling, shipping, or returning goods across national
borders.
The shipping of goods across national borders is often more expensive and complicated
than domestic shipping. Customs and duty procedures and reviews, including duty—free
thresholds in various key markets, the interaction of national postal systems, and security
related governmental processes at international borders, may increase costs, discourage
cross-border purchases, delay transit and create shipping uncertainties. Any factors that
increase the costs of cross-border trade or restrict, delay, or make cross-border trade more
difficult or impractical would lower our revenues and profits and could harm our business.
Our business may be adversely affected by geopolitical events, natural disasters, seasonal
factors and other factors that cause our users to spend less time on our websites or mobile
platforms and applications, including increased usage of other websites.
Our users may spend less time on our websites and our applications for mobile devices as
a result of a variety of diversions, including: geopolitical events, such as war, the threat of war,
or terrorist activity; natural disasters; power shortages or outages, major public health issues,
including pandemics; social networking or other entertainment websites or mobile
applications; significant local, national or global events capturing the attention of a large part of
the population; and seasonal fluctuations due to a variety of factors. If any of these, or any
other factors, divert our users from using of our websites or mobile applications, our business
could be materially adversely affected.
Our success depends to a large degree on our ability to successfully address the rapidly
evolving market for transactions on mobile devices.
Mobile devices are increasingly used for ecommerce transactions. A significant and
growing portion of our users access our platforms through mobile devices. We may lose users
if we are not able to continue to meet our users’ mobile and multi—screen experience
expectations. The variety of technical and other configurations across different mobile
12