We also began to leverage artificial intelligence to power unique commerce experiences
for our users. In late 2016, we announced the beta version of eBay ShopBot on Facebook
Messenger, a personalized shopping assistant that helps people find the best deals from
eBay’s one billion listings. Our vision is for eBay to be present where people spend the majority
of their time online, becoming part of the “fabric” of their day-to-day online experience.
We also made a number of improvements this past year as we look to build the most
powerful selling platform. We launched and scaled our Seller Hub product, which puts a
seller’s listing and marketing tools in one central place. We also introduced a revamped set of
seller APls, which give sellers all the capabilities needed to manage their eBay business end—
to—end.
For consumer sellers, we further streamlined the selling experience by launching a
simplified listing flow on the core eBay platform that saves consumers time and effort in the
listing process. Consumers also continued to leverage our assisted selling service, eBay Valet.
Over 100,000 users have experienced the service, and in 2016 we announced a partnership to
expand eBay Valet drop-off sites to all U.S. FedEx locations.
We also further sharpened our brand position while increasing advertising spend. eBay
helps every person find their version of perfect, no matter what it is. Our brand promise is more
fully coming to life for consumers as we continue to roll out changes to the shopping
experience on eBay.
StubHub & Classifieds
As one of the world’s largest ticket marketplaces, StubHub continued to drive innovative
customer experiences, accelerated its international footprint into 48 countries with the
acquisition of Ticketbis, and acquired TicketUtils to help sellers improve ticket inventory
management. StubHub launched its blended primary and secondary tickets experience for the
Philadelphia 76ers, announced the first jersey sponsorship in major American professional
sports and signed a multi—year agreement to be the official ticket reseller of the New York
Yankees. These efforts were enabled by advancements across StubHub’s platforms, including
the launch of its virtual reality seat-view technology, now available for 120 venues, the launch of
its ticket recommendation and “best value” features that help customers make more informed
purchasing decisions and the introduction of a chatbot to provide customers with event
recommendations.
And our Classifieds platform continued to see positive momentum while building on its
market-leading position in several countries. This momentum was driven by improvements in
the mobile experience with services like in—app chat, while focusing on building and
strengthening verticals such as motors and real estate in markets such as Germany, Canada
and the U.K. We also focused on driving synergies between our Marketplace and Classifieds
platforms, testing ways to expose our inventory to consumers on both platforms.
Financial and Business Highlights
Our commerce platforms connected millions of buyers and sellers around the world
across billions of transactions, leading to total gross merchandise volume (GMV) of $84 billion,
up 3% on an as-reported basis and 5% on a foreign exchange (FX) neutral basis year over year.
Revenue was $9.0 billion, growing 5% on an as—reported basis and 7% on an FX-Neutral basis
year over year. Net income from continuing operations was $7.3 billion or $6.37" per diluted
share. In 2016, our active buyer base grew five million to 167 million total active buyers,
representing 3% year over year growth.
* In 2076, we began the process of realigning our legal structure, which is expected to continue into 2078, primarily impacting our
international entities. As a .resu/t of the initial stages of this realignment, we recorded a non-cash income tax benefit of
approximately $4.6 billion. In addition, we sold our equity holdings of MercadoLibre, Inc. and recognized an after-tax gain of
approximately $0.8 billion.