$2,000,000 per trademark violation in the United States, and may be even higher in other
jurisdictions. In the past, we have paid substantial amounts in connection with resolving certain
trademark and copyright suits. These and similar suits may also force us to modify our
business practices in a manner that increases costs, lowers revenue, makes our websites and
mobile platforms less convenient to customers, and requires us to spend substantial
resources to take additional protective measures or discontinue certain service offerings in
order to combat these practices. In addition, we have received significant media attention
relating to the listing or sale of illegal or counterfeit goods, which could damage our reputation,
diminish the value of our brand names, and make users reluctant to use our products and
services.
We are subject to risks associated with information disseminated through our services.
Online services companies may be subject to claims relating to information disseminated
through their services, including claims alleging defamation, libel, breach of contract, invasion
of privacy, negligence, copyright or trademark infringement, among other things. The laws
relating to the liability of online services companies for information disseminated through their
services are subject to frequent challenges both in the United States and foreign jurisdictions.
Any liabilities incurred as a result of these matters could require us to incur additional costs
and harm our reputation and our business.
Our potential liability to third parties for the user—provided content on our sites, particularly
in jurisdictions outside the United States where laws governing lnternet transactions are
unsettled, may increase. If we become liable for information provided by our users and carried
on our service in anyjurisdiction in which we operate, we could be directly harmed and we may
be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability, including
expending substantial resources or discontinuing certain service offerings, which could harm
our business.
Changes to our programs to protect buyers and sellers could increase our costs and loss
rate.
Our eBay Money Back Guarantee program represents the means by which we
compensate users who believe that they have been defrauded, have not received the item
that they purchased or have received an item different from what was described. We expect to
continue to receive communications from users requesting reimbursement or threatening or
commencing legal action against us if no reimbursement is made. Our liability for these sort of
claims is slowly beginning to be clarified in some jurisdictions and may be higher in some
non-US. jurisdictions than it is in the United States. Litigation involving liability for any such
third—party actions could be costly and time consuming for us, divert management attention,
result in increased costs of doing business, lead to adverse judgments or settlements or
otherwise harm our business. In addition, affected users will likely complain to regulatory
agencies that could take action against us, including imposing fines or seeking injunctions.
We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or
third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.
We believe the protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, patents,
copyrights, domain names, trade dress, and trade secrets, is critical to our success. We seek
to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on applicable laws and regulations in the
United States and internationally, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. We also rely
on contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary rights when offering or procuring
products and services, including confidentiality and invention assignment agreements entered
20