Providing value to buyers and sellers
We believe that our sellers offer some of the best value and deals available for a number of
consumer products. In the U.S., the U.K. and Germany, the majority of transactions included free
shipping during 2016. We have developed a number of features on our Marketplace platforms in
the areas of trust and safety (including our Seller Performance Standards, eBay Top Rated Seller
program, eBay Money Back Guarantee, Verified Rights Owner Program and Feedback Forum),
customer support and value-added tools and services, as well as loyalty programs (for both buyers
and sellers). These features are designed to build trust and make users more comfortable buying
and selling with unknown partners and completing transactions online or through mobile devices,
as well as rewarding our top sellers for their loyalty.
For sellers in particular, in 2016 we implemented a number of changes to our seller policies
to primarily help small— and medium—sized sellers be more successful on our platforms and
better reward sellers who provide exceptional service to eBay buyers. These changes
included providing more objective standards; giving sellers the ability to customize how they
manage returns based on their specific business needs; and launching the Seller Hub, which
puts a seller’s listing and marketing tools in one central place.
Offering buyers and sellers choice
We offer choice to buyers and sellers across a number of dimensions.
For sellers, this includes:
- Sellers can choose to list their products and services through fixed price listings or an
auction—style format on our platforms. The fixed price format on eBay allows buyers
and sellers to close transactions at a pre—determined price set by the seller. Sellers
also are able to signal that they would be willing to close the transaction at a lower
price through the Best Offer feature. Additionally, our auction—style format allows a
seller to select a minimum price for opening bids.
- Sellers can list items that are new, refurbished and used, and common and rare on our
Marketplace platforms.
For buyers, this includes:
- Buyers can search for and purchase items that are new, refurbished and used, and
common and rare on our Marketplace platforms.
- Buyers also can have items shipped to them through shipping options offered by the
seller and selected by the buyer on our Marketplace platforms. For certain items
purchased from certain retailers, buyers can pick up items they purchased online or
through mobile devices in one of the retailer’s physical stores (which we refer to as
in—store pickup).
Our Impact and Responsibility
eBay was founded on the simple belief that people are basically good. Our technology has
levelled the playing field by enabling people to connect and trade around the world, regardless
of their circumstances or location. We believe that commerce should be not just transactional
but rather transformational. Through our platforms, we are creating a better, more sustainable
form of commerce that empowers people and creates opportunity. And we are committed to
reducing the environmental impact of our platform by increasing efficiency, expanding our use
of cleaner energy and using our global marketplace to extend the life of goods in a more
circular economy.
3