In May 2014, we publicly announced that criminals were able to penetrate and steal certain
data, including user names, encrypted user passwords and other non-financial user data. Upon
making this announcement, we required all buyers and sellers on our platform to reset their
passwords in order to log into their account. The breach and subsequent password reset have
negatively impacted the business. In July 2014, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against
us for alleged violations and harm resulting from the breach. The lawsuit was recently
dismissed with leave to amend. In addition, we have received requests for information and are
subject to investigations regarding this incident from numerous regulatory and other
government agencies across the world.
We may also need to expend significant additional resources to protect against security
breaches or to redress problems caused by breaches. These issues are likely to become more
difficult and costly as we expand the number of markets where we operate. Additionally, our
insurance policies carry low coverage limits, which may not be adequate to reimburse us for
losses caused by security breaches and we may not be able to fully collect, if at all, under
these insurance policies.
Systems failures or cyberattacks and resulting interruptions in the availability of or
degradation in the performance of our websites, applications, products or services could harm
our business.
Our systems may experience service interruptions or degradation due to of hardware and
software defects or malfunctions, computer denial—of—service and other cyberattacks, human
error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in
telecommunications services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer
viruses, or other events. Our systems are also subject to break—ins, sabotage and intentional
acts of vandalism. Some of our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery
planning is not sufficient for all eventualities.
We have experienced and will likely continue to experience system failures, denial of
service attacks and other events or conditions from time to time that interrupt the availability
or reduce the speed or functionality of our websites and mobile applications. These events
have resulted and likely will result in loss of revenue. A prolonged interruption in the availability
or reduction in the speed or other functionality of our websites and mobile applications could
materially harm our business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in our services could cause
current or potential users to believe that our systems are unreliable, leading them to switch to
our competitors or to avoid our sites, and could permanently harm our reputation and brands.
Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in damages to our
customers or their businesses, these customers could seek significant compensation from us
for their losses and those claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time—consuming and
costly for us to address. We also rely on facilities, components and services supplied by third
parties and our business may be materially adversely affected to the extent these components
or services do not meet our expectations or these third parties cease to provide the services
or facilities. In particular, a decision by any of our third party hosting providers to close a facility
that we use could cause system interruptions and delays, result in loss of critical data and
cause lengthy interruptions in our services. We do not carry business interruption insurance
sufficient to compensate us for losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a
result of systems failures and similar events.
27