eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Notel — The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
The Company
eBay Inc. is a global commerce leader, which includes our Marketplace, StubHub and
Classifieds platforms. Our Marketplace platforms include our online marketplace located at
www.ebay.com, its localized counterparts and the eBay mobile apps. Our StubHub platforms
include our online ticket platform located at www.stubhub.com, the StubHub mobile apps and
Ticketbis. Our Classifieds platforms include a collection of brands such as Mobile.de, Kijiji,
Gumtree, Marktplaats, eBay Kleinanzeigen and others.
When we refer to “we,” “our,” “us” or “eBay” in this document, we mean the current
Delaware corporation (eBay Inc.) and its California predecessor, as well as all of our
consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise
requires.
In 2015, we completed the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common stock of PayPal
Holdings, Inc. (“PayPal”) to our stockholders (the “Distribution”) and closed the sale of our
former Enterprise segment (“Enterprise”). As a result, the financial results and related assets
and liabilities of PayPal and Enterprise were retrospectively reflected as discontinued
operations in our consolidated statement of income and consolidated balance sheet. See
“Note 4 — Discontinued Operations” for additional information.
Use of estimates
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing
basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to provisions for transaction losses,
legal contingencies, income taxes, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, goodwill
and the recoverability of intangible assets. We base our estimates on historical experience and
on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results could differ from those estimates.
Principles of consolidation and basis of presentation
The accompanying financial statements are consolidated and include the financial
statements of eBay Inc., our wholly and majority-owned subsidiaries and variable interest
entities (“VIE”) where we are the primary beneficiary. All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Minority interests are recorded as a
noncontrolling interest. A qualitative approach is applied to assess the consolidation
requirement for VIEs. Investments in entities where we hold at least a 20% ownership interest
and have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the investee are
accounted for using the equity method of accounting. For such investments, our share of the
investees’ results of operations is included in interest and other, net and our investment
balance is included in long-term investments. Investments in entities where we hold less than a
F-8