eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
During the fourth quarter of 2016, we began the process of realigning our legal structure,
subsequent to the distribution of PayPal Holdings, Inc., to better reflect how we manage and
operate our platforms. We consider many factors in effecting this realignment, including
foreign exchange exposures, long-term cash flows and cash needs of our platforms, capital
allocation considerations and the associated tax effects. As a result of the initial stages of this
realignment and the associated tax agreements, we have achieved a substantial step-up in the
tax basis of the intangible assets in our foreign eBay platforms. We recognized a tax benefit of
$4.6 billion, which represents the income tax effect of the step-up in tax basis.
During the first quarter of 2014, we altered our capital allocation strategy. As a result, we
provided for U.S. income and applicable foreign withholding taxes on $9.0 billion of
undistributed foreign earnings for 2013 and prior years, and recorded a deferred tax liability of
approximately $3.0 billion. This deferred tax liability included PayPal related balances
presented in discontinued operations as of December 31, 2014. Based on December 31, 2014
foreign exchange rates and excluding PayPal balances, the deferred tax liability for unremitted
foreign earnings amounted to $2.1 billion and was included in accrued expenses and other
current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014. The deferred tax
liability for unremitted foreign earnings was $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2016 and was
included in deferred and other tax liabilities.
We have not provided for U.S. federal or foreign income taxes, including withholding taxes
on $7.4 billion of our non—U.S. subsidiaries’ undistributed earnings as of December 31, 2016. We
intend to indefinitely reinvest the $7.4 billion of our non—U.S. subsidiaries’ undistributed
earnings in our international operations. Accordingly, we currently have no plans to repatriate
those funds. As such, we do not know the time or manner in which we would repatriate those
funds. Because the time or manner of repatriation is uncertain, we cannot determine the
impact of local taxes, withholding taxes and foreign tax credits associated with the future
repatriation of such earnings and therefore cannot quantify the tax liability. In cases where we
intend to repatriate a portion of our foreign subsidiaries’ undistributed earnings, we provide
US. and applicable foreign taxes on such earnings and such taxes are included in our deferred
taxes or tax payable liabilities depending upon the planned timing and manner of such
repatriation.
On a regular basis, we develop cash forecasts to estimate our cash needs internationally
and domestically. We consider projected cash needs for, among other things, investments in
our existing businesses, potential acquisitions and capital transactions, including repurchases
of our common stock and debt repayments. We estimate the amount of cash available or
needed in the jurisdictions where these investments are expected, as well as our ability to
generate cash in those jurisdictions and our access to capital markets. This analysis enables us
to conclude whether or not we will indefinitely reinvest the current period’s foreign earnings.
We benefit from tax rulings concluded in several different jurisdictions, most significantly
Switzerland and Luxembourg. These rulings resulted in a cash tax savings of $307 million and
$319> million in 2016 and 2015, respectively. The ongoing realignment of our legal structure has
and will result in the termination, amendment or replacement of certain tax rulings.
F—46