tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. GAAP further requires that a change
in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions be
recognized in earnings in the quarter in which such change occurs. We recognize interest and
penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
We file annual income tax returns in multiple taxing jurisdictions around the world. A
number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited by the relevant tax
authorities and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the
timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position, we believe that our reserves for
income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related
interest, where appropriate in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any
particular position could require the use of cash.
The following table illustrates our effective tax rates for 2016, 2015 and 2014:
Year Ended December 31,
i 2016 2015 2014 i
: (|n_mi||ions,,except percentages) :
j Provision forincome taxes $(3,634) $ 459 $ 3,380 ‘
As a % of income before income taxes (99.5)% 19.1% 134.4%
Our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than
anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated in
countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax
assets or liabilities, or by changes or interpretations in tax laws, regulations or accounting
principles. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns
by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as various state and foreign tax authorities. We
regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to
determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.
Based on our results for the year ended December 31, 2016, a one—percentage point
change in our provision for income taxes as a percentage of income before taxes would have
resulted in an increase or decrease in the provision of approximately $37 million, resulting in an
approximate $0.03 change in diluted earnings per share.
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The purchase price of an acquired company is allocated between intangible assets and
the net tangible assets of the acquired business with the residual of the purchase price
recorded as goodwill. The determination of the value of the intangible assets acquired involves
certain judgments and estimates. These judgments can include, but are not limited to, the
cash flows that an asset is expected to generate in the future and the appropriate weighted
average cost of capital.
As of December 31, 2016, our goodwill totaled $4.5 billion and our identifiable intangible
assets, net totaled $102 million. We assess the impairment of goodwill of our reporting units
annually, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value
may not be recoverable. Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by first
performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair
value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. If the reporting unit does not pass the
qualitative assessment, then the reporting unit’s carrying value is compared to its fair
value. The fair values of the reporting units are estimated using market and discounted cash
62