against us in a reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the
impact on our operating results or financial condition for that reporting period could be
material.
Uﬁgaﬁon
In March 2015, StubHub filed suit against Ticketmaster and the Golden State Warriors,
alleging antitrust and various state law violations arising out of the defendants’ restrictive
ticketing practices, which include prohibiting the resale of Warriors tickets on StubHub or any
other non—Ticketmaster secondary exchange (StubHub, Inc. v. Golden State Warriors, LLC et
al, N.D. Cal. No. 3:15-cv—01436). StubHub filed a First Amended Complaint on June 30, 2015.
The defendants filed a Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint which was granted in
November 2015. StubHub will no longer pursue appealing this decision.
Regulatory Proceedings
In May 2014, we publicly announced that criminals were able to penetrate our network and
steal certain data, including user names, encrypted user passwords and other non-financial
user data. Upon making this announcement, we required all buyers and sellers on our platform
to reset their passwords in order to login to their account. In addition to making this public
announcement, we proactively approached a number of regulatory and governmental bodies,
including those with the most direct supervisory authority over our data privacy and data
security programs, to specifically inform them of the incident and our actions to protect our
customers in response. Certain of those regulatory agencies have requested us to provide
further, more detailed information regarding the incident, and we believe that we have fully
cooperated in all of those requests. To date, we have not been informed by any regulatory
authority of an intention to bring any enforcement action arising from this incident; however, in
the future we may be subject to fines or other regulatory action. In addition, in July 2014, a
putative class action lawsuit was filed against us for alleged violations and harm resulting from
the incident. The lawsuit was dismissed with leave to amend.
General Matters
Other third parties have from time to time claimed, and others may claim in the future, that
we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We are subject to patent disputes, and
expect that we will increasingly be subject to additional patent infringement claims involving
various aspects of our business as our products and services continue to expand in scope and
complexity. Such claims may be brought directly or indirectly against our companies and/or
against our customers (who may be entitled to contractual indemnification under their
contracts with us), and we are subject to increased exposure to such claims as a result of our
acquisitions and divestitures and in cases where we are entering new lines of business. We
have in the past been forced to litigate such claims. We may also become more vulnerable to
third—party claims as laws such as the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, the Lanham Act and the
Communications Decency Act are interpreted by the courts, and as we expand the scope of
our business (both in terms of the range of products and services that we offer and our
geographical operations) and become subject to laws in jurisdictions where the underlying
laws with respect to the potential liability of online intermediaries like ourselves are either
unclear or less favorable. We believe that additional lawsuits alleging that we have violated
patent, copyright or trademark laws will be filed against us. Intellectual property claims,
whether meritorious or not, are time consuming and costly to defend and resolve, could
require expensive changes in our methods of doing business or could require us to enter into
costly royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms.
33