devices and platforms increases the challenges associated with this environment. In addition,
a number of other companies with significant resources and a number of innovative startups
have introduced products and services focusing on mobile markets.
Our ability to successfully address the challenges posed by the rapidly evolving market for
mobile transactions is crucial to our continued success, and any failure to continuously
increase the volume of mobile transactions effected through our platforms could harm our
business.
If we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and
innovative programs, products and services, the use of our products and our revenues could
decline.
Rapid, significant technological changes continue to confront the industries in which we
operate. We cannot predict the effect of technological changes on our business. In addition to
our own initiatives and innovations, we rely in part on third parties, including some of our
competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. We expect that new
services and technologies applicable to the industries in which we operate will continue to
emerge. These new services and technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the
technologies we currently use in our products and services. Incorporating new technologies
into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable
time, and ultimately may not be successful. In addition, our ability to adopt new services and
develop new technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards, new laws and
regulations, resistance to change from clients or merchants, or third parties’ intellectual
property rights. Our success will depend on our ability to develop new technologies and adapt
to technological changes and evolving industry standards.
Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight.
We are subject to laws and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations
in a number of areas, including consumer protection, data privacy requirements, intellectual
property ownership and infringement, prohibited items and stolen goods, resale of event
tickets, tax, anti—competition, export requirements, anti-corruption, labor, advertising, digital
content, real estate, billing, ecommerce, promotions, quality of services, telecommunications,
mobile communications and media, environmental, and health and safety regulations, as well
as laws and regulations intended to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorist
activities.
Compliance with these laws, regulations, and similar requirements may be onerous and
expensive, and variances and inconsistencies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction may further
increase the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the
future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or in their interpretation, could
individually or in the aggregate make our products and services less attractive to our
customers, delay the introduction of new products or services in one or more regions, or
cause us to change or limit our business practices. We have implemented policies and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there
can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and
regulations or our policies and procedures.
Regulation in the areas of privacy and protection of user data could harm our business.
We are subject to laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security, and transfer of
personally identifiable information about our users around the world. Much of the personal
13