The increase in product development expenses in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily
due to higher employee—related costs driven by increased headcount; and increased
depreciation on equipment driven by capital expenditures as we continue to invest in our
platform. The decrease in product development expenses in 2015 compared to 2014 was
primarily due to a favorable impact from foreign currency movements and hedging relative to
the U.S. dollar.
General and Administrative
General and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee compensation,
contractor costs, facilities costs, depreciation of equipment, employer payroll taxes on stock-
based compensation, legal expenses, restructuring, insurance premiums and professional
fees. Our legal expenses, including those related to various ongoing legal proceedings, may
fluctuate substantially from period to period.
The decrease in general and administrative expenses in 2016 compared to 2015 was
primarily due to restructuring expenses from our global workforce reduction, costs related to
the Distribution and expenses related to litigation proceedings in 2015 that did not recur in
2016. The reduction in these expenses were partially offset by an increase in corporate costs in
2016 due to a reduction in synergies that existed prior to the Distribution.
The increase general and administrative expenses in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily
due to restructuring costs related to our global workforce reduction, costs related to the
Distribution, expenses related to craigslist, lnc. litigation proceedings and an increase in
corporate costs due to a reduction in synergies that existed prior to the Distribution.
Provision for Transaction Losses
Provision for transaction losses primarily consists of transaction loss expense associated
with our customer protection programs, fraud and bad debt expense associated with our
accounts receivable balance. We expect our provision for transaction losses to fluctuate
depending on many factors, including changes to our customer protection programs and the
impact of regulatory changes.
The decrease in provision for transaction losses in 2016 compared to 2015 was primarily
driven by lower customer protection program costs. The increase in provision for transaction
losses in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily driven by higher customer protection program
costs, partially offset by a decrease in bad debt expense.
48