eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Foreign currency
Most of our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of their respective countries as
their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange
rates prevailing at the balance sheet date, while revenues and expenses are translated at
average exchange rates during the year. Gains and losses resulting from the translation of our
consolidated balance sheet are recorded as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income.
Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are recognized as interest and other,
net.
Derivative instruments
We use derivative financial instruments, primarily forwards, options and swaps, to hedge
certain foreign currency and interest rate exposures. We may also use other derivative
instruments not designated as hedges, such as forwards to hedge foreign currency balance
sheet exposures. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. See
“Note 9 — Derivative Instruments” for a full description of our derivative instrument activities
and related accounting policies.
Concentration of credit risk
Our cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and derivative instruments are potentially
subject to concentration of credit risk. Cash and cash equivalents are placed with financial
institutions that management believes are of high credit quality. Our accounts receivable are
derived from revenue earned from customers. In each of the years ended December 31, 2016,
2015 and 2014, no customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenues. Our derivative
instruments expose us to credit risk to the extent that our counterparties may be unable to
meet the terms of the agreements.
Recent accounting pronouncements
In 2015, the FASB issued new guidance related to presentation of debt issuance costs. The
new standard requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be
presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt
liability. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal
years, beginning after December 15, 2015. We adopted this standard retrospectively in the first
quarter of 2016. The balance sheet as of December 31, 2015 was retrospectively adjusted,
which resulted in reductions to other assets of $30 million and long-term debt of $30 million.
In 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new accounting
guidance related to revenue recognition. This new standard will replace all current GAAP
guidance on this topic and eliminate all industry-specific guidance. The new revenue
recognition guidance provides a unified model to determine when and how revenue is
recognized. The core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the
transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration for which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. In 2016, the FASB issued several amendments to the standard, including principal
versus agent considerations when another party is involved in providing goods or services to a
F—13