We have a foreign exchange exposure management program designed to identify
material foreign currency exposures, manage these exposures and reduce the potential
effects of currency fluctuations on our reported consolidated cash flows and results of
operations through the purchase of foreign currency exchange contracts. The effectiveness of
the program and resulting usage of foreign exchange derivative contracts is at times limited
by our ability to achieve cash flow hedge accounting. Subsequent to the Distribution, fewer of
our currency flows meet the US. GAAP criteria for cash flow hedge accounting. While,
economically, we face the same currency risks, our statement of income is more subject to
volatility due to currency fluctuations. These foreign currency exchange contracts are
accounted for as derivative instruments; for additional details related to our derivative
instruments, please see “Note 9 — Derivative Instruments” to our consolidated financial
statements included in this report.
We use foreign exchange derivative contracts and invest non-U.S. cash in US.
denominated investments to ultimately protect our forecasted U.S. dollar-equivalent earnings
from adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These hedging contracts reduce,
but do not entirely eliminate, the impact of adverse currency exchange rate movements. Most
of these contracts are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes. For qualifying
cash flow hedges, the effective portion of the derivative’s gain or loss is initially reported as a
component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“A001”) and subsequently
reclassified into earnings in the same period the forecasted transaction affects earnings. The
ineffective portion of the unrealized gains and losses on these contracts, if any, is recorded
immediately in earnings. For contracts not designated as cash flow hedges for accounting
purposes, the derivative’s gain or loss is recognized immediately in earnings in our
consolidated statement of income. However, only certain revenue and costs are eligible for
cash flow hedge accounting.
Certain of our foreign subsidiaries hold U.S. denominated marketable securities. The US.
dollar/Euro is the primary foreign exchange exposure for these nonfunctional currency
denominated marketable securities. These marketable securities are classified as
available—for-sale and as such, fluctuations in the foreign exchange are recorded in
accumulated other comprehensive income within the consolidated balance sheet. These
fluctuations are subsequently reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to
interest and other, net in the period in which the marketable securities are sold. The realized
foreign exchange gains and losses on these securities offset a portion of the foreign exchange
fluctuations in earnings for the company.
The following table illustrates the fair values of outstanding foreign exchange contracts
designated as cash flow hedges and nonfunctional currency denominated marketable
securities and the before-tax effect on fair values of a hypothetical adverse change in the
foreign exchange rates that existed as of December 31, 2016. The sensitivities for foreign
currency contracts and nonfunctional currency denominated marketable securities are based
on a 20% adverse change in foreign exchange rates, against relevant functional currencies.
Fair Value Fair Value
Asset/(Liability) Sensitivity (1)
(ln_mi||ions)
I Foreign exchange contracts — Cash flow hedges $ 64 $(126) ‘
Marketable Securities $878 $(176)
(1) A hypothetical adverse change of 20% in the foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2016, would have resulted in a before-tax
loss of $126 million and $176 million to be recorded in A001 related to foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges
and nonfunctional currency denominated marketable securities.
65