For more information regarding these risks, see the information in “Item IA: Risk Factors”
under the captions “Substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in
ecommerce may harm our business” and “We are subject to regulatory activity and antitrust
litigation under competition laws.”
To compete effectively, we will need to continue to expend significant resources in
technology and marketing. These efforts require substantial expenditures, which could reduce
our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, operating
results and cash flows and reduce the market price of our common stock and outstanding
debt. Despite our efforts to preserve and expand the size, diversity and transaction activity of
our buyers and sellers and to enhance the user experience, we may not be able to effectively
manage our operating expenses, to increase or maintain our revenue or to avoid a decline in
our consolidated net income or a net loss.
Government Regulation
Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. In particular, we are subject
to laws and regulations that affect the ecommerce industry in many countries where we
operate. For more information regarding these risks, see the information in “Item IA: Risk
Factors” under the caption “Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and
oversight.”
Seasonality
We expect transaction activity patterns on our platforms to mirror general consumer
buying patterns. Please see the additional information in “Item 7: Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under the caption
“Seasonality.”
Technology
eBay lnc.’s platforms utilize a combination of proprietary technologies and services as well
as technologies and services provided by others. We have developed intuitive user interfaces,
buyer and seller tools and transaction processing, database and network applications that help
enable our users to reliably and securely complete transactions on our sites. Our technology
infrastructure simplifies the storage and processing of large amounts of data, eases the
deployment and operation of large—scale global products and services and automates much of
the administration of large-scale clusters of computers. Our infrastructure has been designed
around industry-standard architectures to reduce downtime in the event of outages or
catastrophic occurrences. We strive to continually improve our technology to enhance the
buyer and seller experience and to increase efficiency, scalability and security. Additionally,
we recently embarked on a multi-year evolution of our shopping platform that aims to deliver
relevant, persistent and personalized experiences for consumers. For information regarding
technology-related risks, see the information in “Item IA: Risk Factors” under the caption
“Systems failures or cyberattacks and resulting interruptions in the availability of or
degradation in the performance of our websites, applications, products or services could harm
our business.”
Intellectual Property
We regard the protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks (particularly
those covering the eBay name), patents, copyrights, domain names, trade dress and trade
5