eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
customer and the application of identifying performance obligations. While we continue to
assess all potential impacts of the standard, we currently believe there will be an impact
related to timing and measurement of certain fees paid by sellers based on identification of
performance obligations and whether certain services would be considered a material right. In
addition, we are currently assessing whether the principal versus agent considerations would
change how we present revenue, specifically in our advertising and shipping arrangements.
Further, we believe incentives such as coupons and rewards provided to our users could
potentially be recognized as an expense which we generally record as a reduction of revenue
under current guidance. The standard is required to be applied either retrospectively to each
prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially
applying it recognized at the date of initial application. We have not yet selected the transition
method. The Company will adopt the new revenue standards in its first quarter of 2018.
In 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to accounting for equity investments,
financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure
requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the FASB clarified guidance related to the
valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from
unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2017. We are
evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on our consolidated financial
statements.
In 2016, the FASB issued new guidance related to accounting for leases. The new guidance
requires the recognition of lease assets and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases
classified as operating leases under previous guidance. The new standard is effective for fiscal
years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018. We are
evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on our consolidated financial
statements.
In 2016, the FASB issued new guidance to revise aspects of stock-based compensation
guidance which include income tax consequences, classification of awards as equity or
liabilities, and classification on the statement of cash flows. The Company will adopt the new
standard in the first quarter of 2017. Notwithstanding the effects of stock market volatility, we
do not expect the adoption of this standard to have a material impact on our consolidated
financial statements.
In 2016, the FASB issued new guidance that requires credit losses on financial assets
measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be
collected, not based on incurred losses. Further, credit losses on available—for—sale debt
securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by
which fair value is below amortized cost. The new standard is effective for fiscal years, and
interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption for
fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2018 is
permitted. We are evaluating the impact of adopting this new accounting guidance on our
consolidated financial statements.
In 2016, the FASB issued new guidance which clarifies the classification of certain cash
receipts and cash payments in the statement of cash flows, including debt prepayment or
extinguishment costs, settlement of contingent consideration arising from a business
F—14