flow approaches. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit
exceeds its fair value. The discounted cash flow approach uses expected future operating
results. The market approach uses comparable company information to determine revenue
and earnings multiples to value our reporting units. Failure to achieve these expected results
or market multiples may cause a future impairment of goodwill at the reporting unit. We
conducted our annual impairment test of goodwill as of August 31, 2016 and 2015. Additionally,
we evaluated impairment based on the significant activities regarding the Distribution and
Enterprise divestiture in 2015. See “Note 4 — Discontinued Operations” to the consolidated
financial statements included in this report for further detail. As of December 31, 2016, we
determined that no further impairment of the carrying value of goodwill for any reporting units
was required. See “Note 5 — Goodwill and Intangible Assets” to the consolidated financial
statements included in this report.
Legal Contingencies
In connection with certain pending litigation and other claims, we have estimated the
range of probable loss, net of expected recoveries, and provided for such losses through
charges to our consolidated statement of income. These estimates have been based on our
assessment of the facts and circumstances at each balance sheet date and are subject to
change based upon new information and future events.
From time to time, we are involved in disputes and regulatory inquiries that arise in the
ordinary course of business. We are currently involved in legal proceedings, some of which are
discussed in “Item 1A: Risk Factors,” “Item 3: Legal Proceedings” and “Note 12 —Commitments
and Contingencies” to the consolidated financial statements included in this report. We
believe that we have meritorious defenses to the claims against us, and we intend to defend
ourselves vigorously. However, even if successful, our defense against certain actions will be
costly and could require significant amounts of management’s time and result in the diversion
of significant operational resources. If the plaintiffs were to prevail on certain claims, we might
be forced to pay significant damages and licensing fees, modify our business practices or
even be prohibited from conducting a significant part of our business. Any such results could
materially harm our business and could result in a material adverse impact on the financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
See “Note 1 — The Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” to the
consolidated financial statements included in this report, regarding the impact of certain
recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements.
ITEM 7A: QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITA TIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to interest rate risk relating to our investments and outstanding debt. We
seek to reduce earnings volatility that may result from changes in interest rates.
As of December 31, 2016, approximately 16% of our total cash and investments was held in
cash and cash equivalents. As such, changes in interest rates will impact interest income. As
discussed below, fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely affected due
to a rise in interest rates, and we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities
that have declined in market value due to changes in interest rates.
63