eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
To drive traffic to our platforms, we provide incentives to our users in the form of coupons
and buyer and seller rewards. These incentives are generally treated as reductions in revenue.
Internal use software and platform development costs
Direct costs incurred to develop software for internal use and platform development costs
are capitalized and amortized over an estimated useful life of one to five years. During the
years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we capitalized costs, primarily related to labor and
stock-based compensation, of $137 million and $136 million, respectively. Amortization of
previously capitalized amounts was $149> million, $110 million and $115 million for 2016, 2015 and
2014, respectively. Costs related to the design or maintenance of internal use software and
platform development are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expense
We expense the costs of producing advertisements at the time production occurs and
expense the cost of communicating advertisements in the period during which the advertising
space or airtime is used, in each case as sales and marketing expense. Internet advertising
expenses are recognized based on the terms of the individual agreements, which are
generally over the greater of the ratio of the number of impressions delivered over the total
number of contracted impressions, on a pay-per—click basis, or on a straight-line basis over the
term of the contract. Advertising expense totaled $1.2 billion, $1.0 billion and $1.0 billion for the
years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Stock-based compensation
We have equity incentive plans under which we grant equity awards, including stock
options, restricted stock units, performance—based restricted stock units, and performance
share units, to our directors, officers and employees. We primarily issue restricted stock units.
We determine compensation expense associated with restricted stock units based on the fair
value of our common stock on the date of grant. We determine compensation expense
associated with stock options based on the estimated grant date fair value method using the
Black-Scholes valuation model. We generally recognize compensation expense using a
straight-line amortization method over the respective vesting period for awards that are
ultimately expected to vest. Accordingly, stock—based compensation expense for 2016, 2015
and 2014 has been reduced for estimated forfeitures. When estimating forfeitures, we consider
voluntary termination behaviors as well as trends of actual option forfeitures. We recognize a
benefit from stock—based compensation in equity to the extent that an incremental tax benefit
is realized by following the ordering provisions of the tax law. In addition, we account for the
indirect effects of stock-based compensation on the research tax credit and the foreign tax
credit through our consolidated statement of income.
Provision for transaction losses
Provision for transaction losses consists primarily of losses resulting from our customer
protection programs, fraud and bad debt expense associated with our accounts receivable
balance. Provisions for these items represent our estimate of actual losses based on our
historical experience and many other factors including changes to our customer protection
programs, the impact of regulatory changes as well as economic conditions.
F—10