The net cash used in continuing financing activities of $1.0 billion in 2014 was due primarily
to cash outflows of $4.7 billion to repurchase common stock and cash paid for tax
withholdings in the amount of $252 million related to net share settlements of restricted stock
units and awards. These cash outflows were partially offset by cash inflows from $3.5 billion
from the issuance of senior notes, $300 million from the issuance of common stock in
connection with the exercise of stock options and the effect of $75 million of excess tax
benefits from stock-based compensation.
The unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates on our cash and cash equivalents
during 2016 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, primarily
the Euro. The unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates on our cash and cash equivalents
during 2015 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other currencies, primarily
the Euro. The unfavorable impact of currency exchange rates on our cash and cash equivalents
during 2014 was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against certain foreign currencies,
primarily the Euro and Korean won.
Stock Repurchases
In January 2015, our Board authorized a stock repurchase program that provided for the
repurchase of up to $2 billion of our common stock. In June 2015, our Board authorized an
additional $1 billion stock repurchase program and in July 2016, our Board authorized an
additional $2.5 billion stock repurchase program. These stock repurchase programs have no
expiration from the date of authorization. Our stock repurchase programs are intended to
programmatically offset the impact of dilution from our equity compensation programs and,
subject to market conditions and other factors, to make opportunistic repurchases of our
common stock to reduce our outstanding share count. Any share repurchases under our stock
repurchase programs may be made through open market transactions, block trades, privately
negotiated transactions (including accelerated share repurchase transactions) or other means
at times and in such amounts as management deems appropriate and will be funded from our
working capital or other financing alternatives.
During 2016, we repurchased approximately $3.0 billion of our common stock under our
stock repurchase programs. As of December 31, 2016, a total of approximately $1.3 billion
remained available for future repurchases of our common stock under our July 2016
repurchase program and no amounts remained under our January 2015 and June 2015
repurchase programs.
We expect, subject to market conditions and other uncertainties, to continue making
opportunistic repurchases of our common stock. However, our stock repurchase programs
may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice. The timing and actual number of
shares repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including corporate and regulatory
requirements, price and other market conditions and management’s determination as to the
appropriate use of our cash.
She/f Registration Statement and Long-Term Debt
As of December 31, 2016, we had an effective shelf registration statement on file with the
Securities and Exchange Commission that allows us to issue various types of debt securities,
as well as common stock, preferred stock, warrants, depositary shares representing fractional
interest in shares of preferred stock, purchase contracts and units from time to time in one or
more offerings. Each issuance under the shelf registration statement will require the filing of a
prospectus supplement identifying the amount and terms of the securities to be issued. The
55