eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Our fixed-income investments consist of predominantly investment grade corporate debt
securities and government and agency securities that have a maximum maturity of five years.
The corporate debt and government and agency securities that we invest in are generally
deemed to be low risk based on their credit ratings from the major rating agencies. The longer
the duration of these securities, the more susceptible they are to changes in market interest
rates and bond yields. As interest rates increase, those securities purchased at a lower yield
show a mark-to-market unrealized loss. The unrealized losses are due primarily to changes in
credit spreads and interest rates. We regularly review investment securities for other-than—
temporary impairment using both qualitative and quantitative criteria. We presently do not
intend to sell any of the securities in an unrealized loss position and expect to realize the full
value of all these investments upon maturity or sale. Restricted cash is held primarily in interest
bearing accounts for letters of credit primarily related to our global sabbatical program and
various lease arrangements.
The estimated fair values of our short-term and long-term investments classified as
available—for-sale by date of contractual maturity as of December 31, 2016 are as follows (in
millions):
December 31,
i 2016 i
1 One year or less (including restricted cash of $19) $5,333 1
One year through two years 1,533
1 Two years through three years 1,776 1
Three years through four years 180
1 Four years through five years 362 ‘
Thereafter —
1 Total $ 9,184 1
Equity and cost method investments
We have made multiple equity and cost method investments which are reported in long—
term investments on our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our
equity and cost method investments totaled $118 million and $124 million, respectively. In 2016,
we sold a portion of our equity interest in Jasper Infotech Private Limited (“Snapdeal”). In 2015,
we sold our equity interest in craigslist, Inc, a portion of our equity interest in Snapdeal and our
entire interest in Baixing Holdings Limited. The resulting gains are recorded in interest and
other, net on our consolidated statement of income.
F—24