Our Classifieds platforms offer classifieds listings in the United States and a variety of
international markets. In many markets in which they operate, our Classifieds platforms
compete for customers and for advertisers against more established online and offline
classifieds platforms or other competing websites.
Our online shopping comparison websites (Shopping.oom) compete with sites such as
Google Shopping, Rakuten, Nextag.oom, Prioegrabber.oom, Shopzilla, Buscapé in Latin
America (owned by Naspers) and Yahoo! Product Search, which offer shopping search
engines that allow consumers to search the Internet for specified products. In addition, sellers
are increasingly utilizing multiple sales channels, including the acquisition of new customers by
paying for search-related advertisements on horizontal search engine sites, such as Google,
Yahoo!, Naver and Baidu. We use product search engines and paid search advertising to help
users find our sites, but these services also have the potential to divert users to other online
shopping destinations. Consumers may choose to search for products and services with a
horizontal search engine or shopping comparison website, and such sites may also send users
to other shopping destinations.
Consumers and merchants who might use our sites to sell goods also have many
alternatives, including general ecommerce sites, such as Amazon and Alibaba, and more
specialized sites, such as Etsy. Our international sites also compete for sellers with general
and specialized ecommerce sites. Sellers may also choose to sell their goods through other
channels, such as classifieds platforms. Consumers and merchants also can create and sell
through their own sites, and may choose to purchase online advertising instead of using our
services. In some countries, there are online sites that have larger customer bases and greater
brand recognition, as well as competitors that may have a better understanding of local culture
and commerce. We increasingly may compete with local competitors in developing countries
that have unique advantages, such as a greater ability to operate under local regulatory
authorities.
In addition, certain manufacturers may limit or cease distribution of their products through
online channels, such as our sites. Manufacturers may attempt to use contractual obligations
or existing or future government regulation to prohibit or limit ecommerce in certain
categories of goods or services. Manufacturers may also attempt to enforce minimum resale
price maintenance or minimum advertised price arrangements to prevent distributors from
selling on our platforms or on the Internet generally, or at prices that would make us less
attractive relative to other alternatives. The adoption by manufacturers of policies, or their use
of laws or regulations, in each case discouraging or restricting the sales of goods or services
over the Internet, could force our users to stop selling certain products on our platforms, which
could result in reduced operating margins, loss of market share and diminished value of our
brands.
The principal competitive factors for us include the following:
- ability to attract, retain and engage buyers and sellers;
- volume of transactions and price and selection of goods;
- trust in the seller and the transaction;
- customer service;
- brand recognition;
- community cohesion, interaction and size;
- website, mobile platform and application ease—of-use and accessibility;
9