Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of eBay Inc.:
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under
Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of eBay Inc. and its
subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement schedule listed in the
index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set
forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also
in our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) because a material weakness in internal control over
financial reporting related to the ineffectiveness of a control intended to properly document
and review relevant facts and apply the appropriate tax accounting under accounting
standards generally accepted in the United States of America existed as of that date. A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over
financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of
the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
The material weakness referred to above is described in Management’s Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. We considered this
material weakness in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our
audit of the 2016 consolidated financial statements, and our opinion regarding the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting does not affect our
opinion on those consolidated financial statements. The Company’s management is
responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting, included in management’s report referred to above.
Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial
statement schedule, and on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on
our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting
was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and
evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed
risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary
in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
F-1