secrets as critical to our success. We aggressively protect our intellectual property rights by
relying on federal, state and common law rights in the US. and internationally, as well as a
variety of administrative procedures. We also rely on contractual restrictions to protect our
proprietary rights in products and services. We routinely enter into confidentiality and
invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors and nondisclosure
agreements with parties with whom we conduct business to limit access to and disclosure of
our proprietary information.
We pursue the registration of our domain names, trademarks and service marks in the US.
and internationally. Additionally, we have filed US. and international patent applications
covering certain aspects of our proprietary technology. Effective trademark, copyright, patent,
domain name, trade dress and trade secret protection is typically expensive to maintain and
may require litigation. We must protect our intellectual property rights and other proprietary
rights in an increasing number ofjurisdictions, a process that is expensive and time consuming
and may not be successful.
We have registered our core brands as trademarks and domain names in the US. and a
large number of other jurisdictions and have in place an active program to continue to secure
trademarks and domain names that correspond to our brands in markets of interest. If we are
unable to register or protect our trademarks or domain names, we could be adversely affected
in any jurisdiction in which our trademarks or domain names are not registered or protected.
We have licensed in the past, and expect to license in the future, certain of our proprietary
rights, such as trademarks or copyrighted material, to others.
From time to time, third parties have claimed — and others will likely claim in the future —
that we have infringed their intellectual property rights. We are typically involved in a number of
such legal proceedings at any time. Please see the information in “Item 3: Legal Proceedings”
and in “Item IA: Risk Factors” under the captions “We are subject to patent litigation,” “The
listing or sale by our users of items that allegedly infringe the intellectual property rights of
rights owners, including pirated or counterfeit items, may harm its business,” and “We may be
unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, or third parties may
allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights.”
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we employed approximately 12,600 people globally.
Approximately 6,600 of our employees were located in the US.
Available Information
Our Internet address is www.ebay.com. Our investor relations website is located at
https://investors.ebayinc.com. We make available free of charge on our investor relations
website under the heading “SEC Filings” our Annual Reports on Form IO-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form IO—Q, Current Reports on Form 8—K and amendments to those reports as soon as
reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with (or furnished to) the SEC.
We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members
of the investment community on our investor relations website. Additionally, we provide
notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC
filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs on our investor relations
website. Further corporate governance information, including our governance guidelines for
our board of directors, board committee charters and code of conduct, is also available on our
investor relations website under the heading “Corporate Governance.”
6