eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
20% ownership interest are generally accounted for using the cost method of accounting, and
our share of the investees’ results of operations is included in our consolidated statement of
income to the extent dividends are received.
We have evaluated all subsequent events through the date the consolidated financial
statements were issued.
Revenue recognition
We generate net transaction revenues primarily from final value fees and listing fees paid
by sellers. Final value fee revenues are recognized at the time that the transaction is
successfully closed, while listing fee revenues are recognized ratably over the estimated
period of the listing. An auction transaction is considered successfully closed when at least
one buyer has bid above the seller’s specified minimum price or reserve price, whichever is
higher, at the end of the transaction term.
Our marketing services revenues are derived principally from the sale of advertisements,
revenue sharing arrangements, classifieds fees, marketing service fees and lead referral fees.
Our advertising revenues are derived principally from the sale of online advertisements. The
duration of our advertising contracts has ranged from one week to five years, but is generally
one week to one year. Advertising revenues on contracts are recognized as “impressions”
(i.e., the number of times that an advertisement appears in pages viewed by users of our
platforms) are delivered, or as “clicks” (which are generated each time users on our platforms
click through our advertisements to an advertiser’s designated website) are provided to
advertisers. For contracts with minimum monthly or quarterly advertising commitments where
the fee and commitments are fixed throughout the term, we recognize revenue ratably over
the term of the agreement. We also may enter into arrangements to purchase services from
certain customers and if the service is not considered an identifiable benefit that is separable
from the customer’s purchase of our services or for which we cannot reasonably estimate fair
value, the fees paid to the customer are recorded as a reduction in revenue. Some of our
advertising contracts consist of multiple elements which generally include a blend of various
impressions and clicks as well as other marketing deliverables. Where neither vendor-specific
objective evidence nor third-party evidence of selling price exists, we use management’s best
estimate of selling price (“BESP”) to allocate arrangement consideration on a relative basis to
each element. BESP is generally based on the selling prices of the various elements when they
are sold to customers of a similar nature and geography on a stand-alone basis or estimated
stand-alone pricing when the element has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis.
These estimates are generally based on pricing strategies, market factors and strategic
objectives. Revenues related to revenue sharing arrangements are recognized based on
revenue reports received from our partners, provided that collectability is reasonably assured.
Revenues related to fees for listing items on our Classifieds platforms are recognized over the
estimated period of the classified listing. Lead referral fee revenue is generated from lead
referral fees based on the number of times users click through to a merchant’s website from
our platforms. Lead referral fees are recognized in the period in which a user clicks through to
the merchant’s website.
Our other revenues are derived principally from contractual arrangements with third
parties that provide services to our users. Revenues from contractual arrangements with third
parties are recognized as the contracted services are delivered to end users.
F—9