Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control —
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on its evaluation, our management has concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2016, due to the
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. A material
weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
In reviewing the accounting for certain transactions completed in December 2016 as part
of the realignment of our legal structure, our management identified a deficiency in the
effectiveness of a control intended to properly document and review relevant facts and apply
the appropriate tax accounting under accounting standards generally accepted in the United
States of America, which impacted the Deferred tax asset and Income tax benefit accounts
and related disclosures. This control deficiency resulted in an adjustment to our annual
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016. While the control
deficiency did not result in a misstatement of our previously issued consolidated financial
statements, the control deficiency could result in a material misstatement of the
aforementioned account balances or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement
in our annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or
detected. Our management has concluded that the deficiency constitutes a material
weakness in our internal control over financial reporting.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 15(a) of this Annual Report on
Form 10—K.
Remediation Plan. Management has begun implementing a remediation plan to address
the control deficiency that led to the material weakness. The remediation plan includes the
following:
- Implementing specific review procedures, including the added involvement of our
chief tax officer in the review of tax accounting, designed to enhance our income tax
control; and
- Strengthening our income tax control with improved documentation standards,
technical oversight and training
We currently plan to have our enhanced review procedures and documentation standards
in place and operating in the first quarter of 2017. Our goal is to remediate this material
weakness by the end of 2017, subject to there being sufficient opportunities to conclude,
through testing, that the enhanced control is operating effectively.
ITEM 9B: OTHER INFORMATION
Not applicable.
67