eBay Inc.
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — (Continued)
Commercial Paper
We have an up to $1.5 billion commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue
commercial paper notes with maturities of up to 397 days from the date of issue in an
aggregate principal amount at maturity of up to $1.5 billion outstanding at any time
outstanding. As of December 31, 2016, there were no commercial paper notes outstanding.
CreditAgreement
In November 2015, we entered into a credit agreement that provides for an unsecured
$2 billion five-year revolving credit facility. We may also, subject to the agreement of the
applicable lenders, increase the commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to an
aggregate amount of $1 billion. Funds borrowed under the credit agreement may be used for
working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes.
As of December 31, 2016, no borrowings were outstanding under our $2 billion credit
agreement. However, as described above, we have an up to $1.5 billion commercial paper
program and therefore maintain $1.5 billion of available borrowing capacity under our credit
agreement in order to repay commercial paper borrowings in the event we are unable to repay
those borrowings from other sources when they become due. As a result, $500 million of
borrowing capacity was available as of December 31, 2016 for other purposes permitted by the
credit agreement.
Loans under the credit agreement bear interest at either (i) the London Interbank Offered
Rate (“LIBOR”) plus a margin (based on our public debt credit ratings) ranging from
0.875 percent to 1.5 percent or (ii) a formula based on the agent bank’s prime rate, the federal
funds effective rate plus 0.5 percent or LIBOR plus 1.0 percent, plus a margin (based on our
public debt credit ratings) ranging from zero percent to 0.5 percent. The credit agreement will
terminate and all amounts owing thereunder will be due and payable on November 9, 2020,
unless (a) the commitments are terminated earlier, either at our request or, if an event of
default occurs, by the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related
events of default), or (b) the maturity date is extended upon our request, subject to the
agreement of the lenders. The credit agreement includes customary representations,
warranties, affirmative and negative covenants, including financial covenants, events of default
and indemnification provisions in favor of the banks. The negative covenants include
restrictions regarding the incurrence of liens and subsidiary indebtedness, in each case,
subject to certain exceptions. The financial covenants require us to meet a quarterly financial
test with respect to a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio and a maximum
consolidated leverage ratio. The events of default include the occurrence of a change of
control (as defined in the credit agreement) with respect to us.
F—34