Financial Information
We measure our footprint in our addressable market according to Gross Merchandise
Volume (“GMV”). GMV consists of the total value of all successfully closed transactions
between users on our Marketplace and StubHub platforms during the applicable period,
regardless of whether the buyer and seller actually consummated the transaction.
At the end of 2016, our Marketplace and StubHub platforms had more than 167 million
active buyers and over one billion live listings globally. The term “active buyer” means, as of
any date, all buyers who successfully closed a transaction on our Marketplace and StubHub
platforms within the previous 12-month period. Buyers may register more than once and, as a
result, may have more than one account.
We generate revenue from the transactions we successfully enable and through marketing
services, including classifieds and advertising. The majority of our revenue comes from a take
rate on the GMV of transactions closed on our Marketplace and StubHub platforms. We define
“take rate” as net transaction revenues divided by GMV. In 2016, we generated $84 billion in
GMV, of which approximately 59% was generated outside the U.S.
For additional financial information as well as the geographic areas where we conduct
business, please see “Note 6 — Segments” to the consolidated financial statements included
in this report. Additionally, please see the information in “Item 1A: Risk Factors” under the
caption “Our international operations are subject to increased risks, which may harm our
business,” which describes risks associated with eBay lnc.’s foreign operations.
Notable Business Transactions in 2016
eBay makes acquisitions to help enable commerce on our platforms for buyers and
sellers. In 2016, eBay completed six acquisitions — Cargigi lnc., Expertmaker, SalesPredict,
Ticketbis, Ticket Utils and Corrigon Ltd. — for an aggregate purchase consideration of
approximately $212 million, consisting of cash. We believe these acquisitions will help us build
a better user experience, improve discoverability and grow our international presence. See
“Note 3 — Business Combinations and Divestitures” to the consolidated financial statements
included in this report for additional information.
We also regularly review and manage our investments to ensure that our investments
support eBay’s strategic direction and complement our disciplined approach to value
creation, profitability and capital allocation. During the fourth quarter of 2016, we sold our
equity holdings of MercadoLibre, Inc. for a pre—tax gain of $1.3 billion.
Competition
We encounter vigorous competition in our business from numerous sources. Our users can
find, buy, sell and pay for similar items through a variety of competing online, mobile and offline
channels. These include, but are not limited to, retailers, distributors, liquidators, import and
export companies, auctioneers, catalog and mail-order companies, classifieds, directories,
search engines, commerce participants (consumer—to—consumer, business-to-consumer and
business—to—business), shopping channels and networks. As our product offerings continue to
broaden into new categories of items and new commerce formats, we expect to face additional
competition from other online, mobile and offline channels for those new offerings. We compete
on the basis of price, product selection and services.
4