We face increased competitive pressure online and offline. In particular, the competitive
norm for, and the expected level of service from, ecommerce and mobile commerce has
significantly increased, due to, among other factors, improved user experience, greater ease
of buying goods, lower (or no) shipping costs, faster shipping times and more favorable return
policies. Also, certain platform businesses, such as Alibaba, Apple, Google and Facebook,
many of whom are larger than us or have greater capitalization, have a dominant and secure
position in other industries or certain significant markets, and offer other goods and services to
consumers and merchants that we do not offer. If we are unable to change our products,
offerings and services in ways that reflect the changing demands of ecommerce and mobile
commerce marketplaces, particularly the higher growth of sales of fixed-price items and
higher expected service levels (some of which depend on services provided by sellers on our
platforms), or compete effectively with and adapt to changes in larger platform businesses,
our business will suffer.
Competitors with other revenue sources may also be able to devote more resources to
marketing and promotional campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote
more resources to website, mobile platforms and applications and systems development than
we can. Other competitors may offer or continue to offer faster and/or free shipping, delivery
on Sunday, same—day delivery, favorable return policies or other transaction—related services
which improve the user experience on their sites and which could be impractical or inefficient
for our sellers to match. Competitors may be able to innovate faster and more efficiently, and
new technologies may increase the competitive pressures by enabling competitors to offer
more efficient or lower—cost services.
Some of our competitors control other products and services that are important to our
success, including credit card interchange, Internet search, and mobile operating systems.
Such competitors could manipulate pricing, availability, terms or operation of service related
to their products and services in a manner that impacts our competitive offerings. For
example, Google, which operates a shopping platform service, has from time to time made
changes to its search algorithms that reduced the amount of search traffic directed to us from
searches on Google. If we are unable to use or adapt to operational changes in such services,
we may face higher costs for such services, face integration or technological barriers or lose
customers, which could cause our business to suffer.
Consumers who might use our sites to buy goods have a wide variety of alternatives,
including traditional department, warehouse, boutique, discount and general merchandise
stores (as well as the online and mobile operations of these traditional retailers), online retailers
and their related mobile offerings, online and offline classified services and other shopping
channels, such as offline and online home shopping networks. In the United States, these
include Amazon.com, Facebook, Google, Wal—Mart, Target, Sears, Macy’s, JC Penney, Costco,
Office Depot, Staples, OfficeMax, Sam’s Club, Rakuten, Yahoo! Shopping, MSN, QVC and
Home Shopping Network, among others. In addition, consumers have a large number of online
and offline channels focused on one or more of the categories of products offered on our site.
Consumers also can turn to many companies that offer a variety of services that provide
other channels for buyers to find and buy items from sellers of all sizes, including social media,
online aggregation and classifieds platforms, such as craigslist, Oodle.com and a number of
international websites operated by Schibsted ASA or Naspers Limited. Consumers also can
turn to shopping-comparison sites, such as Google Shopping. In certain markets, our fixed—
price listing and traditional auction-style listing formats increasingly are being challenged by
other formats, such as classifieds.
8