ITEM 2: PROPERTIES
We own and lease various properties in the U.S. and 34 other countries around the world.
We use the properties for executive and administrative offices, data centers, product
development offices, fulfillment centers and customer service offices. Our headquarters are
located in San Jose, California and occupy approximately 0.5 million square feet. Our owned
data centers are primarily located in Utah. As of December 31, 2016, our owned and leased
properties provided us with aggregate square footage as follows (in millions):
lJnited States—pther Countries—Total
i Owned facilities l.l — 1.1 i
Leased facilities 0.8 2.0 2.8
l Total facilities 1.9 2.0 3.9]
From time to time we consider various alternatives related to long—term facilities needs.
While we believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our immediate needs, it may
become necessary to develop and improve land that we own or lease or acquire additional or
alternative space to accommodate any future growth.
ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Litigation and Other Legal Matters
Overview
We are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings on an ongoing basis. Many of these
proceedings are in early stages and may seek an indeterminate amount of damages. If we
believe that a loss arising from such matters is probable and can be reasonably estimated, we
accrue the estimated liability in our financial statements. If only a range of estimated losses
can be determined, we accrue an amount within the range that, in our judgment, reflects the
most likely outcome; if none of the estimates within that range is a better estimate than any
other amount, we accrue the low end of the range. For those proceedings in which an
unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible but not probable, we have disclosed an estimate
of the reasonably possible loss or range of losses or we have concluded that an estimate of
the reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising directly from the proceeding (i.e.,
monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) are not material. If we cannot
estimate the probable or reasonably possible loss or range of losses arising from a
proceeding, we have disclosed that fact. In assessing the materiality of a proceeding, we
evaluate, among other factors, the amount of monetary damages claimed, as well as the
potential impact of non—monetary remedies sought by plaintiffs (e.g., injunctive relief) that may
require us to change our business practices in a manner that could have a material adverse
impact on our business. With respect to the matters disclosed in this Item 3, we are unable to
estimate the possible loss or range of losses that could potentially result from the application
of such non-monetary remedies.
Amounts accrued for legal and regulatory proceedings for which we believe a loss is
probable were not material for the year ended December 31, 2016. Except as otherwise noted
for the proceedings described in this Item 3, we have concluded, based on currently available
information, that reasonably possible losses arising directly from the proceedings (i.e.,
monetary damages or amounts paid in judgment or settlement) in excess of our recorded
accruals are also not material. However, legal and regulatory proceedings are inherently
unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. If one or more matters were resolved
32