Other laws and regulations could harm our business.
It is not always clear how laws and regulations governing matters relevant to our business,
such as property ownership, copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property issues,
parallel imports and distribution controls, taxation, libel and defamation, and obscenity apply
to our businesses. Many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the Internet, mobile,
and related technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of
the Internet and related technologies. Many of these laws, including some of those that do
reference the Internet are subject to interpretation by the courts on an ongoing basis and the
resulting uncertainty in the scope and application of these laws and regulations increases the
risk that we will be subject to private claims and governmental actions alleging violations of
those laws and regulations.
As our activities, the products and services we offer, and our geographical scope continue
to expand, regulatory agencies or courts may claim or hold that we or our users are subject to
additional requirements (including licensure) or prohibited from conducting our business in
their jurisdiction, either generally or with respect to certain actions. Financial and political
events have increased the level of regulatory scrutiny on large companies, and regulatory
agencies may view matters or interpret laws and regulations differently than they have in the
past and in a manner adverse to our businesses. Our success and increased visibility have
driven some existing businesses that perceive us to be a threat to their businesses to raise
concerns about our business models to policymakers and regulators. These businesses and
their trade association groups employ significant resources in their efforts to shape the legal
and regulatory regimes in countries where we have significant operations. They may employ
these resources in an effort to change the legal and regulatory regimes in ways intended to
reduce the effectiveness of our businesses and the ability of users to use our products and
services. These established businesses have raised concerns relating to pricing, parallel
imports, professional seller obligations, selective distribution networks, stolen goods,
copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights and the liability of the provider of
an Internet marketplace for the conduct of its users related to those and other issues. Any
changes to the legal or regulatory regimes in a manner that would increase our liability for
third—party listings could negatively impact our business.
Numerous U.S. states and foreign jurisdictions, including the State of California, have
regulations regarding “auctions” and the handling of property by “secondhand dealers” or
“pawnbrokers.” Several states and some foreign jurisdictions have attempted to impose such
regulations upon us or our users, and others may attempt to do so in the future. Attempted
enforcement of these laws against some of our users appears to be increasing and we could
be required to change the way we or our users do business in ways that increase costs or
reduce revenues, such as forcing us to prohibit listings of certain items or restrict certain
listing formats in some locations. We could also be subject to fines or other penalties, and any
of these outcomes could harm our business.
A number of the lawsuits against us relating to trademark issues seek to have our
platforms subject to unfavorable local laws. For example, “trademark exhaustion” principles
provide trademark owners with certain rights to control the sale of a branded authentic
product until it has been placed on the market by the trademark holder or with the holder’s
consent. The application of “trademark exhaustion” principles is largely unsettled in the
context of the Internet, and if trademark owners are able to force us to prohibit listings of
certain items in one or more locations, our business could be harmed.
As we expand and localize our international activities, we are increasingly becoming
obligated to comply with the laws of the countries or markets in which we operate. In addition,
15