(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
AS our securities sales increase, we rate income portfolio decreases. Additionally, if
become more sensitive to performance of the make; talude Of my security in Gulf, ln‘I’eSted
- asset port o lo ecreases, we may rea Ize osses
the equty markets“ if we deem the value of the security to be other—
A significant portion of our investment sales and than—temporarily impaired. We also have an
assets under management are comprised of asset on deposit with a reinsurer backing a 10%
North American equity—based products. The coinsurance agreement entered into at the time
multi—year growth in equity valuations has of our IPo. The fair value of this asset is
increased proportionally the Company’s revenue influenced by fluctuation in credit spreads and
and product income derived from the sale of interest rates, and changes in fair value are
these products. A significant correction in the recognized in income. To the extent that any
North American equity markets that decreases fluctuations in fair value or interest rates are
the company’s assets under management, or a significant or we recognize impairments that are
protracted long—term downturn in equity market material, it could have a material adverse effect
performance that has a negative effect on the on our business, financial condition and results
Company’s sales of securities products, could of operations.
have an adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Valuation Of our investments and the
determination of whether a decline in the
Other Risks Related to Our Business fair value of our invested assets is other—
Credit deterioration in, and the effects of titan—temporary ar: bésed on est'mates
interest rate fluctuations on, our invested t at may prove to e Incorrect
asset portfolio and other assets are requires that when the fair Value Of
subject to Changes in credit quality and any of our Invested assets declines and such
interest rates could materially adversely dedme '5 deemed t9 be. Other—than—temporary’
, , , , , we recognize a loss In either our statement of
aﬁed our bUS'neSS/ ﬁnanc'al cond'tlon and income or in other comprehensive income based
VGSUIJES Of Operations. on certain criteria in the period that such
A large percentage of our invested asset pletermination is made. The determination of the
portfolio is invested in fixed—income securities. a” value of certam 'nveSted assets" partlwlarly
As a result, credit deterioration and interest rate mos? that do not trade on a régular basls’
fluctuations could materially affect the value of requ'res an assgssment Of a.V3"3b'e data .an.d the
and earnings generated by our invested asset use of alssumptlons and eSt'mateS' once It. '5
portfolio. Fixed—income securities decline in determ'md thét the fa” value of an asset. '5
value if there is no active trading market for the below Its cam/mg value’ We music. determme
securities or the market’s impression of, or the Whether the de.C"'Te m fa” value IS. Other—than—
ratings agencies’ views on, the credit quality of temporary’ Wh'Ch ls based on SUbfeCtlve factors
an issuer worsens. During periods of declining and mVOlves a var'ety Of assumptlons and
market interest rates, we must invest the cash est'mates'
we receive as interest, return of principal on our There are certain risks and uncertainties
investments and cash from operations in lower— associated with determining whether declines in
yielding, high—grade instruments or in lower— market value are other—than—temporary. These
credit instruments to maintain comparable include significant changes in general economic
returns. Issuers of fixed—income securities could conditions and business markets, trends in
also decide to prepay their obligations to certain industry segments, interest rate
borrow at lower market rates, which would fluctuations, rating agency actions, changes in
increase our reinvestment risk. If interest rates significant accounting estimates and
generally increase, the market value of our fixed assumptions and legislative actions. In the case
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 43