(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
campus or by remote access from an employee’s Our stock could be subject to wide fluctuations
home. However, in the event of campus—wide in price in response to various factors, many of
destruction, our business recovery plan may be which are beyond our control, that include the
inadequate, and our employees and sales following:
representatives may be unable to carry out their . . .
work, which could have a material adverse effect Eluguat'oqs m smirk .mélrket pr'ces .and nd
on our business, financial condition and results ra mg V0 umes O 5'.".“ ar compames’ a
- general market conditions and overall
of operations. . . .
fluctuations in US. eqUIty markets;
We may be materially adversely affected ‘ IOthfadintg VOIUme and Short interest
by currency fluctuations in the United pos't'om’ '“ our Commo“ StOCk'
States dollar versus the Canadian dollar. - our ability to meet or exceed our own
The Canadian dollar is the functional currency forecasts.” expeCtat'Ons Of analysts or
for our Canadian subsidiaries and our financial 'nvestors'
reSU'tSI reported in US dellarsr are affeeted by - changes in our securities analysts’ estimates
Changes m the currency eXChange rate. The of our future financial performance;
assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses of our . 0 t .
Canadian subsidiaries are generally all ‘ Var'atlens "1 our quarterly Operat'ng re$U|tSI
denominated in Canadian dollars. However, the , Changes in federal and State laws and
Canadian dollar finanCIal statements .of our regulations, or Changes in the ways that
Canadian subSIdiaries are translated into US. laws and regulations are interpreted and
dollars in our consolidated finanCIal statements. a I. d.
. . . . PP '9 ,
Therefore, Significant exchange rate fluctuations . .
between the US. dollar and the Canadian dollar ° changes, or the expectation of changes, In
could have a material adverse effect on our federal lat/V or policy under the new .
financial condition and results of operations. A PreSIdential administration beginning in
weaker Canadian dollar relative to the US. dollar January 2017;
WOUId reSUIt m lower leg/.els Of reportid I. brt. - the initiation, pendency or outcome of
revdenues, exlpengestttie incomettasse s, .ia i i ies litigation, regulatory reviews and
an accumu a. e 0 er compre ens'ye Income investigations, and any adverse publicity
as translated in our US. dollar reporting ,
. . . . related thereto,
currency finanCIal statements. In addition, our
net investment in our Canadian subsidiaries is - actions by the NYSE, or uncertainty related
significantly affected by fluctuations in the to possible actions by the NYSE, related to
exchange rate between the US. dollar and the the continued listing of our common stock;
Canadian dollar. . . .
- negative media reports With respect to us
_ and/or our industry;
The market price of our common stock
may ﬂuctuate - the loss of key personnel,
The stock market in general, and the market for ‘ general economic conditions? and
compare?“ the f'nanC'al itemces 'nduetry 'nd - other risks and uncertainties described in
particu ar, ave experience extreme price an these risk factors.
volume fluctuations that have often been
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating
performance of these companies. Also, broad ITEM 13_ UNRESOLVED STAFF
market and industry factors may negatively COMMENTS
affect the market price of our common stock,
regardless of our actual operating performance. Not applicable.
50 Freedom Lives Here“