(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
marketing, support, recordkeeping and (Stockholders’ Equity) and Note 16
custodial services we provide for the various (Commitments and Contingent Liabilities) to our
mutual fund products we distribute. consolidated financial statements included
Corporate and Other Distributed Products elsewhere in this report for more information on
changes In our capital structure.
Segment. We earn revenues and pay
commissions and referral fees for various other Foreign Currency. The Canadian dollar is the
insurance products, prepaid legal services and functional currency for our Canadian subsidiaries
other financial products, all of which are and our consolidated financial results, reported
originated by third parties. National Benefit Life in US. dollars, are affected by changes in the
Insurance Company ("NBLIC") also has in—force currency exchange rate. As such, the translated
policies from several discontinued lines of amount of revenues, expenses, assets and
insurance. At the beginning of 2014, NBLIC sold liabilities attributable to our Canadian
its short—term statutory disability benefit subsidiaries will be higher or lower in periods
insurance business to AmTrust North America, where the Canadian dollar appreciates or
Inc., and the net gain recognized on the sale was weakens relative to the US. dollar, respectively.
reported as discontinued operations in 2014. While the Canadian dollar spot rate relative to
Also during 2014, NBLIC ceased the marketing the US. dollar has improved during 2016, it
and underwriting of new student life insurance remains lower as compared with 2014 due to the
policies but it continues to administer the significant decline in the value of the Canadian
existing block of student life business. dollar relative to the US. dollar in 2015.
Corporate and Other Distributed Products The year—over—year increase in the year—end
segment net investment income reflects actual exchange rates used by the Company to
net investment income realized by the Company translate our Canadian dollar functional currency
less the amount allocated to our Term Life assets and liabilities into US. dollars was 4% in
Insurance segment based on the assumed net 2016 from 2015 and it decreased by 17% from
interest accreted to the segment’s US. GAAP— 2015 to 2014. The year—over—year decrease in
measured future policy benefit reserve liability the average exchange rates used by the
less DAC. Actual net investment income Company to translate our Canadian dollar
reflected in the Corporate and Other Distributed functional currency revenues and expenses into
Products segment is impacted by the size and US. dollars was 4% in 2016 from 2015 and 14%
performance of our invested asset portfolio, in 2015 from 2014.
:follecgdia23:42:ﬁgs]:Ezeggeéis:sgges’ credlt See "Results of Operations” and "Financial
’ ' Condition” and "Quantitative and Qualitative
The Corporate and Other Distributed Products Disclosures About Market Risk — Canadian
segment is also affected by corporate income Currency Risk” and Note 3 (Segment and
and expenses not allocated to our other Geographical Information) to our consolidated
segments, general and administrative expenses financial statements included elsewhere in this
(other than expenses that are allocated to our report for more information on our Canadian
Term Life Insurance or Investment and Savings subsidiaries and the impact of foreign currency
Products segments), interest expense on notes on our financial results.
payable and reserve financing transactions as
3:152:33? gains and losses on our Invested Critical Accounting Estimates
. . . We prepare our financial statements in
capital Strucwre’ . our flnanc'al re.SUIt.S are accordance with US GAAP. These principles are
affected by our cap'tal Structure’,,whlc.h 'nCIUde,,S established primarily by the Financial Accounting
our semor unsecured notes (the semor Notes ) Standards Board. The preparation of financial
and common stock. See Note 10 (Debt), Note 12 statements in conformity with US. GAAP
66 Freedom Lives Here“