CCAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS )
- our Investment and Savings Products fair value of our invested assets is other—
segment is heavily dependent on mutual than—temporary are based on estimates that
fund and annuity products offered by a may prove to be incorrect;
relatively small number of companies, and, . Chan es in accountih standards can be
if these products fail to remain competitive . . g . g
with other investment options or we lose fj'fﬁcu't to pred'Ct and COUId adversely
. . . impact how we record and report our
our relationship With one or more of these f. . . . . .
companies our business ﬁnancial condition inanCIal condition and results of operations,
and results of operations may be materially - the effects of economic down cycles in the
adversely affected; United States and Canada could materially
- the Company’s or its securities—licensed advefsdy affect our business" ﬁnancial
sales representatives’ violations of, or cond'tlon and reSUItS Of Operatlons’
non—compliance with, laws and regulations - we are subject to various federal, state and
could expose us to material liabilities; provincial laws and regulations in the United
- if heightened standards of conduct or more state? and cana.da’ Changes I.“ Wh'Ch or
stringent licensing requirements such as V'OIat'Ops Of Wh'Ch. may requ're us to alter
those r0 osed b the Securitieé and our buSIness practices and could materially
Exchafgelzommisﬁim and those adopted adversely affect our business, financial
by the Department of Labor are imposed condition and results of operations;
on us or our sales representatives, or selling - litigation and regulatory investigations and
compensation is reduced as a result of new actions may result in financial losses and
legislation or regulations, it could have a harm our reputation;
material adverse effect on our business, . the current Ie islative and re ulato
financial condition and results of operations; . . g .
climate With regard to finanCIal seNices may
- if our suitability policies and procedures adversely affect our business, financial
were deemed inadequate, it could have a condition, and results of operations;
material adverse effect on our business, . the inabilit of our subsidiaries to a
financial condition and results of operations; . . y . . . p y
diVidends or make distributions or other
- our sales force support tools may fail to payments to us in sufficient amounts would
appropriately identify financial needs or impede our ability to meet our obligations
suitable investment products; and return capital to our stockholders;
- non—compliance with applicable regulations - a significant change in the competitive
could lead to revocation of our subsidiary’s environment in which we operate could
status as a non—bank custodian; negatively affect our ability to maintain or
. as our securities sales increase we become increase our market share and profitability;
more sensitive to performance of the equity - the loss of key employees and sales force
markets; leaders could negatively affect our financial
- credit deterioration in and the effects of reSUItS find Impa'r our abll'ty to Implement
interest rate fluctuations on, our invested our busmess Strategy’
asset portfolio and other assets that are - if one of our significant information
subject to changes in credit quality and technology systems fails, if its security is
interest rates could materially adversely compromised, or if the Internet becomes
affect our business, financial condition and disabled or unavailable, our business,
results of operations; financial condition and results of operations
- valuation of our investments and the may be matenally adversely affeded;
determination of whether a decline in the
2 Freedom Lives Here“