(ITEM 7. MD8iA :)
client asset values was partially offset by the and Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 4975.
foreign currency translation impact of the IRC Section 4975 prohibits certain types of
weaker Canadian dollar as well as the negative compensation paid by third parties with respect
impact of market volatility in the second half of to transactions involving assets in qualified
2015. accounts, including individual retirement
Rollforwara’ of client asset values. Client asset aFCants ( IRAS )' In conneCtPn mm the DOL
. . FiduCIary Rule, the DOL also Issued new
values increased during 2016 compared to a . . .
. . . exemptions and amended several eXIsting
decrease during 2015 primarily due to an . .
. . . exemptions. On February 3, 2017, the PreSIdent
increase in market value and continued net . .
. . of the United States Issued a memorandum
inflows from product sales, which outpaced . . . . .
. . . . . directing the DOL to reVIew the DOL FidUCiary
redemptions. Also contributing to the increase in . .
. . . . Rule to determine, based on certain factors,
client asset values was the posmve impact of the . .
. . whether the rule should be reVIsed or rescmded.
translated value of client assets in Canada due to . . .
. . . The DOL FiduCIary Rule, which was set to
the strengthening of the Canadian dollar relative ,, . ,, .
become applicable on April 10, 2017, may be
to the US. dollar. . . . .
delayed for an unspeCIfied period while the
The decrease in client asset values during 2015 Secretary of Labor prepares an updated
was largely due to the currency translation economic and legal analysis on the impact of the
impact of the lower Canadian dollar on Canadian DOL Fiduciary Rule.
Chem assets a.5 we” as negatlve market IRAs and other qualified accounts are an
performance in the second half of 2015. The . .
. . . important component of the investment and
impact of these items was partially offset by . . . .
. . . . saVIngs products we distribute. If it were to
pOSItive net investment inflows. . . .
become applicable in its current form, we
Average number of fee—generating believe that the DOL Fiduciary Rule would
positions. The average number of necessitate certain changes to our qualified plan
fee—generating positions increased in 2016 from business in order for us to continue to help
2015 primarily due to the cumulative effect of investors save for retirement. Because of the
product sales of mutual funds and managed uncertainty of the status of the DOL Fiduciary
accounts investments that are serviced on the Rule, we have not yet finalized our plans or
Company’s recordkeeping and custodial services determined the extent and nature of those
platform. changes. Additionally, we have not determined
. . . the extent to which we would make necessitated
The average number of fee—generating posmons .
. . . . compensation, product or other changes to our
increased in 2015 from 2014 primarily due to the . . .
. . . qualified plan busmess, nor whether we would
addition of a mutual fund prOVIder on our .
. . . make such changes con5istent across our
recordkeeping and custodial serwces platform . . .
. . non—qualified busmess. As a result, we are
during the first quarter of 2015 as well as growth . .
. currently unable to quantify the impact on our
in our mutual funds and managed accounts . f. . I . . I f
business busmess, inancia pOSItion or resu ts o
' operations. During the year ended December 31,
Regulatory changes on business 2016, average client assets held in US. qualified
trends. Regulatory changes can also impact our retirement plans accounted for an estimated
product sales. On April 8, 2016, the Department 59% of total average client account assets.
of Labor (“DOL”) published a final regulation During the year ended December 31, 2016,
("the DOL Fiduciary Rule”), which more broadly product sales of assets held in US. qualified
defines the circumstances under which a person retirement plans accounted for approximately
or entity may be considered a fiduciary for 56% of total investment and savings product
purposes of the prohibited transaction rules of sales.
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act
62 Freedom Lives Here“