(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
Concert‘“ Series fund is determined on an to our mutual fund and annuity business, clients
advisory contract basis by Morneau Shepell do not pay an upfront commission in an
Asset and Risk Management Ltd. The principal advisory fee program; rather, they pay an annual
non—proprietary funds that we offer our clients fee based on the value of the assets in their
in Canada are funds of AGF Investments, account. In 2017, PFS Investments will launch a
Mackenzie Investments, and Fidelity separate, expanded managed investments
Investments. Sales of these non—proprietary platform. This platform will also have an annual
funds accounted for approximately 50% of fee based on the value of assets in the account
mutual fund product sales in Canada in 2016. rather than an upfront commission and will
Like our US. fund family list, the asset provide our customers access to mutual fund
management partners we have chosen in and exchange—traded fund investment models
Canada have a diversified offering of equity, designed and managed by several unaffiliated
fixed—income and money market funds, investment advisers. PFS Investments will
including domestic and international funds with provide transfer agent and custodial services for
a variety of investment styles. the expanded managed investments platform
A key part of our investment philosophy for our rrough a SUbse.W'Fe agreement W'th TD
. . . meritrade Institutional.
clients IS the long—term benefits of dollar cost
averaging through systematic investing. To Variable Annuities. Our US. licensed sales
accomplish this, we assist our clients by representatives also distribute variable annuities
facilitating monthly contributions to their undenNritten and provided by American General
investment account by bank draft against their Life Insurance Company and its affiliates ("AIG"),
checking accounts. During the year ended AXA Distributors, LLC, Lincoln National Life
December 31, 2016, average client assets held in Insurance Company and its affiliates ("Lincoln
individual retirement accounts in the United National”), and MetLife Investors and its affiliates.
States and Canada accounted for an estimated Variable annuities are insurance products that
74% and 73% of total average client account enable our clients to invest in accounts with
assets, respectively. Our individual retirement attributes similar to mutual funds, but also have
accounts in Canada are considered registered benefits not found in mutual funds, including
retirement savings plans (“RRSP”). An RRSP is death benefits that protect beneficiaries from
similar to a traditional IRA, in the United States losses due to a market downturn and income
in that contributions are made to the RRSP on a benefits that guarantee future income payments
pre—tax basis and income is earned on a for the life of the policyholder(s). Each of these
tax—deferred basis. Our high concentration of companies bears the insurance risk on its variable
retirement plan accounts and our systematic annuities that we distribute.
saVings philosophy are benefICIal to us as these Segregated Funds. In Canada, we Offer
accounts tend to have lower redemption rates .
. segregated fund products, which are branded as
than the industry and, therefore, generate more TM
. our Common Sense Funds , that have some of
recurring asset—based revenues. . . . .
the characteristics of our variable annUIty
Managed Investments. PFS Investments is a products distributed in the United States. Our
registered investment advisor in the United Common Sense Funds“ are underwritten by
States, and it offers a managed investments Primerica Life Canada and offer our clients the
program under a contract with Lockwood ability to participate in a diversified managed
Advisors, a registered investment advisor and investments program that can be opened for as
unit of Bank of New York Mellon. The offering little as $25. While the assets and corresponding
consists of a mutual fund advisory program with liability (reserves) are recognized on our
a $25,000 minimum initial investment. Lockwood consolidated balance Sheets, the assets are held
Advisors is a co—sponsor of the program, and in trust for the benefit of the segregated fund
actS as the discretionary portfolio manager of contract owners and are not commingled with
the asset allocation models offered. In contrast the general assets of the Company.
20 Freedom Lives Here“