(ITEM 7A. MARKET RISK :)
assuming a 10% decrease in Canadian currency Deutsche Bank’s ability to make payment to us
exchange rates compared to the US. dollar. We as fulfillment of its obligations under the letter
estimated that such a decrease would decrease of credit. Such a draw on the letter of credit
our income before income taxes for the year would only be requested in the event that the
ended December 31, 2016 by approximately assets held in support of the liabilities assumed
$6.8 million. by Peach Re were insufficient, which, based on
Our investment in the net assets of our Canadian aetuar'al analys's' '5 unl'kely'
eperatiens is also sebjeet to canadian currency Concurrent with the execution of the Regulation
“Sk' If We were to assume a 10% decrease "1 XXX redundant reserve financing transaction
Canad'an Currency eXChange rates Compared to between Vidalia Re and Primerica Life, Vidalia Re
Fhe US' done“ the tranSIeted valeeef, our net entered into a Surplus Note Purchase Agreement
investment In our Canadian subSIdiaries In US. (the "Surplus Note Purchase Agreement") With
dellars weUId decrease by apprex'mately Hannover Life Reassurance Company of America
$243 m'll'en based 0”, netessets as Of and certain of its affiliates (collectively, "Hannover
Decemberel' 2016' H'Ster'cally' we have net Re”) and a newly formed limited liability company
hedged this exposure, although we may elect to (the ML") owned by a third_party sen/ice
do so in future periods. The impact of translating provider. Under the Surplus Note Purchase
the balance, Of net asset‘s Of our Caned'an Agreement, Vidalia Re issued the Surplus Note to
operations is recorded in our consolidated balance the LLC in exchange for the LLC Note of equal
Sheets W'th'n, the accumUIated ether principal amount. The Company assumes credit
Comprehens've 'neeme Component Of risk associated with a credit enhancement feature
Steekheldersl equ'ty’ provided by Hannover Re, which bears the
Credit Risk. We extensively use reinsurance in obligation to absorb the LLC’s losses in the event
the United States to diversify our insurance and of a Surplus Note default in exchange for a fee.
unden/vriting risk and to manage our loss , . . . ,
exposure to mortality risk. Reinsurance does not For information on our Credit FaCIlity Agreement
relieve us of our direct liability to our and surples Nete Purehase (Agreement: ,See Nete
policyholders. Due to factors such as insolvency, 16 (Comm'tments and Cont'ngent L'ab'l't'e5)'
adverse underwriting results or inadequate Nete 4, (InveStment§)' and Nete 10, (Debt) to our
investment returns, our reinsurers may not be consolidated finanCIal statements included
able to pay the amounts they owe us on a timely elseWhere m th's report
basis or at all. Further, reinsurers might refuse or We also hear credit risk on our investment
fail to pay losses thet We cede to them er might portfolio related to the uncertainty associated
delay Payment To I'm'F our exposure W'th any with the continued ability of an obligor to make
one reinsurer, we monitor theconcentration of timely payments of principal and interest. In an
ered't “5k We have W'th our re'neuraece effort to meet business needs and mitigate
Couni‘erpart'esl as we” asfhe'r f'nane'al . , credit and other portfolio risks, we established
Cond't'e” we manage th'e relnsurer Cred't “,Sk investment guidelines that provide restrictions
through analys's and men'ter'ng Of the ered't” on our portfolio’s composition, including limits
Worth'eees Of eaehef eur re'nsuranee partners on asset type, per issuer limits, credit quality
tem'n'm'ze celleet'en 'sjsues' AISO' fer limits, portfolio duration, limits on the amount of
reinsurance contracts With unauthorized investments in approved countries and
reinsurers, we require collateral such as letters of permissible security types. See "Management's
credit For information on our reinsurance Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
exposure and re'nsurers' see Nete . and Results of Operations — Financial
(Re'nsuranee) to our ConsCheated f'eane'al Condition” included elsewhere in this report for
statements included elsewhere in this report. details on our investment portfolio, including
In connection with our Credit Facility Agreement, investment strategy, asset mix, and credit
the Company assumes credit risk associated with ratings.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 91