(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
independent businesses for low entry fees, commissions upon their submission of an
for which they receive technological insurance application and the first month’s
support, pre—licensing training and access to premium payment. In addition to being a
licensing examination preparation source of motivation, this advance provides
programs. Our sales representatives sell or our sales representatives with immediate
refer products directly to consumers, and cash flow to offset costs associated with
therefore our business opportunity does not originating the business. In addition,
re uire recruits to urchase and resell our monthl roduction bonuses are aid to
q P y P . 0 P
products. Most of our sales representatives RVPS whose sales organizations meet
begin selling products on a part—time basis, certain sales levels. With compensation tied
which enables them to hold jobs while to sales activity, our compensation
exploring an entrepreneurial business approach accommodates varying degrees
opportunity with us. of individual productivity, which allows us to
- Incentive to build distribution: When a sale effecuvely use a I.arge grPUp of Ptrt‘t'me
. . . . sales representatives while prOVIding a
is made, the selling representative receives a . . .
commission as does the licensed variable cost structure. In addition, we
representative who recruited him or her in Lgcifintelhl:aeticghr Yciltrfijhegfwtzarteri
most cases. Sales commissions are paid P . ,, . q y
through several levels of the selling reStnCted StOCk umtic’ ( equ'ty—baseq
. , . . . compensation”), which aligns their interests
representative 5 recruitment organization. .
. . . . With those of our stockholders.
This structure motivates eXIsting sales
re resentatives to row our sales force and - Lar e, d namic sales force: Members of
P 9 9 y . 0 0 .
provides them with commission income our sales force primarily serve their friends,
from the sales com leted b re resentatives famil members and ersonal
P y P y. P 0 0 . .
in their sales organization. acquaintances through indIVIdually driven
. Sales force leadershi . A sales networking activities. We believe that this
. p' . warm market approach is an effective way
representative who has built a successful . . .
. . . . . to distribute our product offerings because
organization and has obtained his or her life . f .i. f f . . . . . d
insurance and securities licenses can achieve It ac' 'tates ace—t0.— ace Intefrahcuon Inmate
of bio: tits: sisriiiisrsditsui i.
President ("RVP"), which qualifies him or her rpe “Sate usih other distribution
to a higher commission schedule. RVPS are p g .
. approaches. Due to the large Size of our
independent contractors who open and . . . .
. . . . sales force and their active recruiting of new
operate offices for their sales organizations . .
and devote their fuiHime attention to their sales representatives, our sales force is able
businesses RVPS also support and monitor to contin.ua“y.access.an expanding base Of
the sales representatives on whose sales prOSPeCtlve Cllents W'thOUt engagmg COStly
they earn commissions, in achieving med'a Channels'
compliance with applicable regulatory - Motivational culture: In addition to the
requirements. RVPs’ efforts to expand their motivation for our sales representatives to
businesses are a primary driver of our achieve financial success, we seek to create
success. a culture that inspires and rewards our sales
. Innovative commission Structure, We have representatives for their personal successes
deveio ed an innovative S Steih for and those of their sales organizations
compeﬁsatihg our indepeh/dent sales force through sales force recognition events and
that is contingent upon product sales. We Chontzs’ts' we aolisio usie Intranet—Strgaméd i
advance to our sales representatives a ma .CaStS an], oca’ reglonah an Winona
significant portion of their insurance meetmgs to. m orm and teac Fur 5a es
representatives, as well as faCIlitate
6 Freedom Lives Here“