(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
Total revenues. Total revenues increased in a lower amount of impairments on certain
2016 from 2015 largely due to incremental investments in our invested asset portfolio.
prem'ums on term we '“furance pOhC'eS that are Other, net revenues increased during 2016
not subject to the IPO comsurance transactions com ared to 2015 Iar el due to the increase in
as well as direct premiums growth reflecting the p . g y
. . . . . . fees for our proprietary sales force support
increase In the number of new pOIICIes Issued in . . .
recent periods Commissions and fees from our SyStem’ conS'Stent W'th SUbscr'ber growth we
Investment aha Savin S Products 5e ment allocate fees collected for our proprietary sales
. . g 9 force support system between our Term Life
increased modestly In 2016 compared to 2015
. . . Insurance segment and our Investment and
primarily due to higher asset—based revenues Savin S Products 5e ment based on the
driven by the increase in average client asset . g d b a I f .
values and higher account—based revenues esumate num er 0 5a es orce feplesentat'ves
. . . . . that are licensed to sell products In each
primarily driven by an increase in our account— res ective 5e ment
based fee structure on US qualified accounts, p g ’
offset by lower sales—based revenues due to During 2015, total revenues increased from 2014
weakness in variable annuity sales. primarily due to incremental premiums on term
Net investment income increased in 2016 from me Insurance pOIIC'eS nOt SUbJe.Ct to the IPO
2015 as increasing prices on ﬁxed_income coinsurance transactions and higher direct
investments led to an approximately $4.7 million prem'.ums reﬂeCtIrlg the Increase I.“ néw pOhCy
higher total return on the deposit asset backing sales In recent Penods' Also contr'bqtmg to the
the 10% coinsurance agreement that is subject zzfs’rl—Jgéegﬂefvre'rgcgieaﬁzr'2g:;?;?;2 jgéiees
to deposit method accounting. This increase was enerated from ourginvestment and Savin S
partially offset by approximately $2.1 million of g I f. 9
lower investment income due to lower yield on a :Eiiuits 1333:32er Ssa :23;th ZnEZEZtﬂz'QEeind
slightly larger invested asset portfolio. Interest 9 p g
. . . values growth.
expense on surplus note line Item Will fluctuate
from period to period along with the principal Partially offsetting the increase in revenues in
amount of our surplus note (the "Surplus Note") 2015 from 2014 was a decline in net investment
based on the balance of reserves being income, which was mostly attributed to lower
contractually supported under a redundant yield on invested assets, lower total return on
reserve financing transaction used by our Vidalia the deposit asset underlying the 10%
Re, Inc. ("Vidalia Re”) captive insurance company. coinsurance agreement, and lower income from
Investment income earned on our called fixed—income securities. Increases in
held—to—maturity invested asset completely realized investment losses recognized in 2015
offsets the interest expense on Surplus Note line compared to 2014 also negatively impacted
item, thereby eliminating any impact on net revenue as we recognized a higher amount of
investment income. For more information on the impairments on certain investments in our
Surplus Note, see Note 10 (Debt) and for invested asset portfolio, most notably in the
additional information on the redundant reserve fourth quarter of 2015, which we deemed to be
financing transaction used by Vidalia Re, see other—than—temporarily impaired as a result of
Note 4 (Investments) to our consolidated factors specific to the issuer or our intent to sell
financial statements included elsewhere in this the investment in the near term. Also offsetting
report. the year—over—year increase in revenues in 2015
Realized investment gains (losses), including was the tranSIatPn 'mpaCt Of the weaker
. . . . Canadian dollar In relation to the US dollar.
OTTI losses, increased primarily due to higher Measured in constant currenc b translatin
realized investment gains we recognized in the . y y . 9
second quarter of 2016 from the sale of certain 2015 Canadian local currency revenues usmg the
securities where the Company was able to Taverage 2014 eXChange rale’ the year—over_year
reduce its exposure to specific issuers, as well as ImpaCt from the decrease In eXChange rates
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 73