(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
prior to the full commission being earned. applications. Commissions related to other
Additionally, we hold back a portion of the financial products are calculated based on the
commissions earned by our sales representatives type of product sold or referred.
as a reserve out of which we may recover . .
We pay bonuses and other incentive
chargebacks. The amounts held back are . .
. compensation for the sale of certain products.
referred to as deferred compensation account . .
. . ,, . . ,, Bonuses are paid to the sales representatives
commi55ions( DCA commis5ions ). DCA . . . . .
. . . and RVPs for achievmg speCIfied production
commi55ions are available to reduce amounts . .
. levels for the sale of term life insurance,
owed to the Company by sales representatives. . .
. . . investment and savmgs products and other
DCA commi55ions also prOVIde a sales . .
. . . . distributed products.
representative With a cushion against the
chargeback obligations of representatives in In addition to these methods of compensation,
their sales organization. DCA commissions, we use a quarterly compensation program under
unless applied to amounts owed, are ultimately which RVPs can earn equity—based
released to sales representatives. compensation based on various production
. . . . criteria.
We pay most term life insurance commi55ions
during the first policy year. One of our term . .
riders provides for coverage increases after the 53/95 FOI‘CE' LEEDS/ﬁg
ﬁrst yeair' For 59d} r'ders'l “f pay f'ret year and The states, provinces and territories in which our
,renewa COTm'ZS'OnShOe y or prdem'um sales representatives operate generally require
'ncreeses Irle ate tot e 'nCrTase Ceverage' our sales representatives to obtain and maintain
Add't'orda y: er pay reeewa gongm'ss'ém: 0: licenses to sell our insurance and securities
gape (3 er m" Orce '00 'C'es' H e e“ O t el, products, requiring our sales representatives to
'00 'ey urat'ons'c‘j’ve pay Compensat'on on '30 'Cy pass applicable examinations. Our sales
Cont'nuat'ons an eXC anges' representatives may also be required to maintain
For most mutual funds (non_managed licenses to sell certain of our other financial
investments) and annuity products, commissions preduets; To encourage new recru'ts to ebte'n
are paid both on the sale and on the value of the'r I'fe 'nsuranee I'Censesl we e'ther pay .
assetS under menetgement and are calculated directly or reimburse the sales representative for
based on the dealer reaiiewance and trail certain licensing—related fees and expenses once
compensation actually paid to us. For managed he of She passesehe eptpl'eable exemend
investment mutual fund products, fees earned obtains the applicable life insurance license.
are primarily based on the total of assets under Te 5e“ insurance products, our saies
manegement and represent the annual fee we . representatives must be licensed by their
recelVe as compensation for as long as WG- retain resident state, province or territory and any
the account. We Pay our sales represeetat'VeS In other state, province or territory in which they
Canada a sales commission on segregated fund do business. In most states, our seies
investments and a monthly fee based on clients’ representatives must be appointed by our
asset Values. applicable insurance subsidiary.
We also pay compensation to our sales force To sell mutual funds and variable annuity
with respect to sales of prepaid legal services products, our US. sales representatives must be
subscriptions, referrals for customers purchasing registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory
auto and home insurance, and other financial Authority ("FINRA") and hold the appropriate
products. Prepaid legal services commissions are license(s) designated by each state in which they
paid in fixed amounts on the sale of the sell securities products, as well as be appointed
respective subscription. For auto and by the annuity underwriter in the states in which
homeowners’ insurance products, fees are paid they market annuity products. Our sales
for referrals that result in completed representatives must meet all state and
12 Freedom Lives Here“