(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
camaraderie and the exchange of ideas RVPS play a major role in training, motivating
across the sales force organization. These and monitoring their sales representatives.
initiatives encourage and empower our Because the sales representative’s compensation
sales representatives to develop their own grows with the productivity of his or her sales
successful sales organizations. organization, our distribution model provides
, . , , . , financial rewards to sales representatives who
' Inclusw? culture: Bulldmg a'Td ma'iita'mm successfully develop, support and monitor
an ethn'ca“,y énd demograph'cany dlverse productive saleS representatives. In addition to
sales force IS Important to us’. as we bel'eve our commission structure, we offer the Primerica
our salesforce reflects the middle market Ownership Program. This program provides
communities we serve. As the communities qualifying RVPS a contractual right, upon
we serve become more dlverse' our sales meeting certain criteria, to transfer their
force does as Well' Primerica businesses to another RVP or a
qualifying family member at such time as they
. . desire. Furthermore, we have developed
Strucwre and scalablllty Of our sales proprietary tools and technology to enable our
Force RVPS to reduce the time spent on administrative
New sales representatives are recruited by responsibilities associated with their sales
existing sales representatives. When these new Organ'zat'ons so th,e,y can OleYF’te more time to
recruits join our sales force, they become part of the sales and recruiting actIVIties that drive our
the sales organization of the saleS representative grOWth‘ We bel'eve that our tOOIS and
who recruited them as well as the sales teChnOIOgy,’ Coupled W'th our Sale,s , .
organizations to the recruiting sales compensation programs, further InCenthlze our
representative belongs. AS new sales sales representatives to become RVPS.
representatives are successful in recruiting other Both the structure of our sales force and the
sales representatives, they begin tO build their capacity of our support capabilities provide us
own organization of sales representatives. We with a high degree of scalability as we grow our
encourage our sales representatives tO bring in business, Our support systems and technology
new recruits to build their own sales are capable of supporting a large saleS force and
organizations, enabling them to earn a high volume of transactions. In addition, by
commissions on sales made by members of their sharing training and compliance activities with
sales organizations. our RVPS, we are able to grow without incurring
RVPs establish and maintain their own offices, prOportlonate overhead eXpenseS'
which we refer to as field offices. Additionally,
they are responsible for funding the costs of their Recruitment of Sales Representatives
administrative staff, marketing materials, travel . . .
and training and certain recognition events for The recru'tment Of sates. representatlves '5 .
the sales re resentatives in their res ective sales unde.rtake.n by our @05th sales representatlves’
P P
organizations. Field offices provide a location for who Ident'fy protpgcts aT‘d Share W'th.the.m the
. . . benefits of aSSOCIating With our organization.
our representatives to conduct recruiting .
meetings, training events and sales—related our St'esfepresemat'v.“ Showcase our
. . . organization as dynamic and capable of
meetings, disseminate our Intranet—streamed . . . . . . .
broadcasts conduct com Iiance functions and Improvmg I'ves Of m'ddIe—mcome fam'hes'
, P ,
house field office business records. Some After the initial contact, prospective recruits
business locations contain more than one onsite typically are invited to an opportunity meeting,
field office. At December 31, 2016, approximately which is conducted by an RVP. The objective of
4,840 field offices in approximately 2,749 an opportunity meeting is to inform prospective
locations were managed by sales representatives recruits about our mission and their opportunity
that served as full—time RVPS. to start their own business by becoming saleS
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 7