(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
medical history. We may also consider These claims fall into three categories: death,
information about the applicant from third—party waiver of premium (applicable to disabled
sources, such as MIB, prescription drug policyholders who purchased a rider pursuant to
databases, motor vehicle records and physician which Primerica agrees to waive remaining life
statements. If we believe that follow up insurance premiums during a qualifying
regarding an applicant’s medical history is disability), or terminal illness. The claim may be
warranted, we use a third—party provider and its reported by our sales representative, a
trained personnel to contact the applicant by beneficiary or, in the case of qualifying disability
telephone to obtain a more detailed medical or terminal illness, the policyholder. Following
history. Additionally, we may require copies of are the benefits paid by us for each category of
applicants’ medical information from their claim:
attending physicians. The report resulting from
this process is electronically transmitted to us Year ended December 31'
and is evaluated in our undenNriting process. For . 2°16 2°15 2°14 .
higher issued face amount applications, (In th°usands)
paramedical requirements are also needed. Death $1'238'393 $1'204'629 $1I176'450
. . . Waiver of
To accommodate the Significant volume of premium 43,168 40,528 36,215
insurance busmess that we process, we and our
sales force use technology to make our Terminal
operations more efficient. We provide an illness“) 14,232 13,716 13,976
EleCtroniC life insurance application that (1) We consider claims paid for terminal illness to be loans
supports TermNOW and Other term life insuranCe made to the beneficiary that are repaid to us upon
products. Approximately 93% of the life death of the beneficiary from the death benefit.
insurance applications we received in 2016 were In the United States after coverage has been in
submitted electronically. Our electronic life force for two years, 'we may not contest the
'nsufanfe apphcatlo.“ ensures that the policy for misrepresentations in the application
application is submitted error—free, collects the or the suicide of the insured. In Canada we have
applicant’s electronic Signatures and p.OPUIateS a similar two—year contestability period,’ but we
the RVP 5 sale? '09 Forpaper apphcat.lons’ we are permitted to contest insurance fraud at any
use our proprietary reVIew and screening system time. AS a matter of policy we do not contest
to automatically screen that an application any coverage issued by us'to replace the face
meets regulatory and other requirements, as amount of another insurance company,s
we” as alert our application processmg Staff to individual coverage to the extent the replaced
any. deﬁciencies with the 3”“?th If any coverage would not be contestable by the
deﬁc'en.C'eS are nOted’ our apphcatlon . replaced company. We believe this approach
process.mg Staff contact? the sale.s representat've helps our sales representatives sell replacement
to Oma'T‘ the necessary Informat.lon' once.an . policies, as it reassures clients that claims made
apphFatlon IS complete’ thepertment appl'cat'on under their replacement policies are not more
data.'s. Uplqaded to our I'fe. Insurance likely to be contested as to the face amount
adm'”'st.r?t"’e SyStemS’ Wh'Ch ma.nage the . replaced. Through our claims administration
undenNriting process by electronically analyzmg System, we record, process and pay the
data’. recommend'ng underwr'tmg dec's'ons’ appropriate benefit for any reported claim. Our
requ'rements for hlghér fac.e amounts or Older claims system is used by our home office
ages and Cgmmumcayng mm the éales . investigators to order medical and investigative
representative and third—party serVIce prowders. reports from third_party providers, calculate
Claims Management. Our insurance amounts due to the beneficiary (including
subsidiaries processed over 14,600 life insurance interest), and report payments to the
benefit claims in 2016 on policies underwritten appropriate reinsurance providers.
by us and sold by our sales representatives.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 17