(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
amounts and RBC and MCCSR ratios of our Primerica Life currently also has an insurer
insurance company subsidiaries. Ratings financial strength rating from Standard & Poor’s
agencies may change their internal models, and Moody’s. NBLIC, Primerica Life Canada,
effectively increasing or decreasing the amount Peach Re and Vidalia Re are not rated by
of statutory capital our insurance subsidiaries Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s.
must hold to maintain their current ratings. In h f. . I h . f .
addition, ratings agencies may downgrade the T e .lrlanF'a StrengF ratmgs 9 0.” mtc’uranC?
invested assets held in our portfolio, which could SUbS'd'ar'es are.SUbJeCt to RerIOdIC revlem,’ usmg’
result in a reduction of our insurance among other thmgs’ the ratmgs agencles
subsidiaries’ capital and surplus. Changes in propr'etary CaPIta' adequacy mOdels’ and are
statutory accounting principles could also SUbJeCt to IGV'S'C?“ or W'thdrawgl at any “.me'
adversely impact our insurance subsidiaries, Insurance finanCIal strength ratings are directed
ability to meet minimum RBCI MCCSR and toward the concerns of policyholders and are
statutory capital and surplus requirements. There nOt Intended for the PrOteCtlon Of StOCkhOIders
is no assurance that our insurance subsidiaries or as .a.recomm.endat.lon to bUy’ h0|.d or 5e.”
will not need additional capital or, if needed, secunt'es' our f'mllic'a' Stréﬁgth rat'.ngs WI”
that we will be able to provide it to maintain the affect our competljuve poslt'gn relgt've to other
targeted RBC and MCCSR levels to support their 'nsllrance compames' If the “.min‘E'a' Strength
business Operations. ratings of our insurance subSIdiaries fall below
certain levels, some of our policyholders may
The failure of any of our insurance subsidiaries move their business to our competitors. In
to meet its applicable RBC and MCCSR addition, the models used by ratings agencies to
requirements or minimum capital and surplus determine financial strength are different from
requirements could subject it to further the capital requirements set by insurance
examination or corrective action imposed by regulators.
insurance regulators, including limitations on its R t. . t. . th f. . I
ability to write additional business, supervision a mgs orgamza lgns re.V'eW éﬁnanaa
by regulators or seizure or liquidation. Any Performance and {manual conqltlonspf
corrective action imposed could have a material Insurance c.0mpaimes’ and prOV'de 9p'm0ns
adverse effect on our business, financial regardmg ﬁnanc'al Slfength' Operat'l‘g .
condition and results of operations. A decline in performance and .ab'.hity to meet Obhga’g'ons to
RBC or MCCSR also limits the ability of our Pong/holders" A S'gnfﬁcant downgrade.'“ the
insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends or make maria?" Strength ratmgs Of any Of our. Insurance
distributions and could be a factor in causing SUbS'd'ar'es’ or the announced Potent'al for a
ratings agencies to downgrade the financial downgrade! could. have. a matef'?' adverse effect
strength ratings of all our insurance subsidiaries. 0? our bqsmess’ ﬁnanc'al Cind'tllqgn arid reSUItS
Such downgrades would have an adverse effect 0 Operatlons by’ among 0t ert mgs'
on our ability to write new insurance policies - reducing sales of insurance products;
and, therefore, could have a material adverse . d I ff t. I t. h. .th
effect on our business, financial condition and a verse y a ec mg Qt." re a Ions lps WI
results of Operations. our sales representatives;
- materially increasing the amount of policy
A Signiﬁcant ratings downgrade by a cancellations by our policyholders;
ratings organization could materially ° requiring-US t0 FGdUCG Prices to remain
adversely affect our business, financial Compet't've? and
condition and results of operations. - adversely affecting our ability to obtain
Each of our insurance subsidiaries, with the remsurance at reasonable pnces or at all'
exception of Peach Re and Vidalia Re, has been If the rating agencies or regulators change their
assigned a financial strength rating by AM. Best. approach to financial strength ratings and
38 Freedom Lives Here“