(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
Factors Affecting our Results will be affected to the extent there is a variance
, between our pricing assumptions and actual
Term Life Insurance Segment. Our Term Life experience.
Insurance segment results are primarily driven
by sales volumes, the accuracy of our pricing ' PerSiStehCy. PerSiStehCy is a measure 0f
assumptions, terms and use of reinsurance, and how long our insurance PeliCteS Stay in
expenses. force. As a general matter, persistency that
. . . . . is lower than our pricing assumptions
Sales and-polzCies in force. . sales of term poliaes adversely affects our results over the long
and the Size and characteristics of our in—force term because we lose the recurring revenue
book of poliaesare Vital to our resultsover the Stream associated with the policies that
long term. Premium revenue is recognized as it lapse. Determining the heahtetm effects of
Seemed Overthe term Of the pOI'Cy' and changes in persistency is more complicated.
eligible acqui5ition expenses are deferred and When actual persistency is lower than our
amortized ratably With the level premiumsof the pricing assumptions, we must accelerate the
underly'ng pOI'C'eS' However' because we,'ncur amortization of deferred policy acquisition
Significant cash outflows at or about the time costs ("DAC"). The resultant increase in
poliaes are tssued, including the payment of amortization expense is Offset by a
sales commtSSIons and underwriting costs, corresponding release of reserves
changes in life insurance sales volume Will have a associated with lapsed policies, which
more 'mmed'ate effeCt on our CaSh ﬂOWS' causes a reduction in benefits and claims
Historically, we have found that while sales expense. The future policy benefit reserves
volume of term life insurance products between eSSOCieted With any glVeh POIle Wt“ Chehge
fiscal periods may vary based on a variety of OVer the term 0f SUCh PeliCyc A5 a general
factors, the productivity of our individual sales matter: tUtUte Peliey beneﬁt reserVeS ere
representatives generally remains within a lowest at the inception Of a honey term and
relatively narrow range (i.e., an average monthly rise Steedlly to 3 Peak before dedthihg to
rate of new policies issued per life—licensed sales zero at the expiration 0f the POItCy term.
representative between 0.18 and 0.22), and, Accordingly, depending 0“ When the lapse
consequently, our sales volume over the longer occurs in relation to the OVete” POIle term:
term generally correlates to the size of our sales the redUCthh in beneﬁts and Claims
force. expense may be greater or less than the
, . . . , increase in amortization expense, and,
Prfcmg assumpt‘0"§' our Pr'c'ng methodO'OQY consequently, the effects on earnings for a
is intended to proVIde us With appropriate profit given period could be positive or negative.
mgr-9mg for the “,5k5 We assume we determ'ne Persistency levels will impact results to the
pricmg ClaSSIflcatIOI’lS. based on the coverage extent actual experience deviates from the
sought, such as the Size and term of the policy, persistency assumptions used tO price our
and certain policyholder attributes, such as age products.
and health. In addition, we generally utilize
unisex rates for our term life insurance policies. ' Mortality OU" Preﬁtebihty Wt“ ﬂUCtuete to
The pricing assumptions that underlie our rates the eXteht eCtue' mortality rates differ from
are based upon our best estimates of mortality, those used in our PrlCihg assumptions» we
persistency and interest rates at the time of mitigate 3 Signiﬁcant Portion Of our
issuance, sales force commission rates, issue and mortality exposure through reinsurance.
underwriting expenses! OPerating expensfes and - Interest Rates. We use an assumption for
the ‘fhareder'sucs Of the 'nsuredﬂ '“CIUd'ng the future interest rates that initially reflects the
distribution of sex, age, undenNriting class, current low interest rate environment
product and amount of coverage. Our results gradually increasing to a level consisteht
with historical experience. Both DAC and the
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 63