(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
over the requisite service period for the entire during the three months ended March 31, 2016
award. For non—employee share—based and the amendments in the update were applied
compensation, we recognize the impact during retrospectively, which resulted in the deduction
the period of performance, and the fair value of of debt issuance costs of approximately
the award is measured as of the date $2.8 million from other assets and a
performance is complete, which is the vesting corresponding reduction in the carrying
date. To the extent that a share—based award amounts of the notes payable and surplus note
contains sale restrictions extending beyond the of approximately $2.0 million and $0.8 million,
vesting date, we reduce the recognized fair value respectively, in our consolidated balance sheets
of the award to reflect the corresponding as of December 31, 2015. This update had no
illiquidity discount. Most non—employee share— impact on our results of operations.
In
. . . q . Standards Update No 2016—09 ("ASU 2016—09")
insurance poliaes that result directly from and . . .
. . . . . Compensation — Stock Compensation (Topic
are essential to the policy acquISItion(s) and
. . 718) — Improvements to Employee Share-Based
would not have been incurred had the policy . .
. . . Payment Accounting. ASU 2016—09 intends to
acquISItion(s) not occurred. We defer these . . .
. . . Simplify several aspects of the accounting for
expenses and amortize the impact in the same . . .
share—based payment transactions, including the
manner as all other DAC. . . . .
income tax consequences, claSSIfication of
Earnings Per Share ("EPS"). The Company awards as either equity or liabilities, and
has outstanding common stock and equity classification on the statement of cash flows. We
awards that consist of restricted stock units anticipate that its most notable impact on the
("RSUs"), performance—based stock units Company’s financial statements will involve the
("PSUs"), and stock options. The RSUs maintain change in accounting for the income tax
non—forfeitable dividend rights that result in consequences associated with share—based
dividend payment obligations on a one—to—one payment transactions in the income statement.
ratio with common shares for any future The amendments in ASU 2016—09 require that
dividend declarations. Unvested RSUs are the tax effect of the difference between the
deemed participating securities for purposes of cumulative compensation cost of a share—based
calculating EPS as they maintain dividend rights. award recognized for financial reporting
See Note 13 (Earnings Per Share) for details purposes aund the fedECt'OPtOf th: iyvfard forfax
related to the calculations of our basic and Eurposes eélcess. ax ente I S or e 'C'eng'es it
diluted EPS using the two—class method. . e rec9gnlze as Income ax eXpense or ene I
in the income statement. Under current US.
GAAP, the Company recognizes excess tax
New Accounting Principles. benefits or deficiencies as an adjustment to
In April 2015, the FASB issued Accounting additional paid—in. capital in the statement of
stockholders equity. The amendments in ASU
Standards Update No. 2015—03, Interest— . . .
. . 2016—09 that require a change in the accounting
Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) — . . . . .
. . . . for excess tax benefits and defICIenCIes in the
Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance . . .
,, ,, . . income statement are effective prospectively,
Costs ( ASU 2015—03 ). Prior to the adoption of . .
. and the Company Will adopt the amendments in
ASU 2015—03, debt issuance costs related to a . . . .
. . .. ASU 2016—09 beginning in the first quarter of
recognized debt liability were presented as a .
. . 2017. We do not expect the adoption of the
deferred charge, or asset, Within the balance . . .
. . amendments in ASU 2016—09 Will materially
sheet. ASU 2015—03 requires the presentation of affect our results of O erations
debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt p '
liability as a direct deduction from the carrying In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014—09,
amount of that debt liability, consistent With Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
debt discounts. We adopted ASU 2015—03 606) ("ASU 2014—09”). ASU 2014—09 clarifies the
104 Freedom Lives Here“