(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 16 :)
Primerica Life’s investment basis in NBLIC, Peach companies to set internal target levels of capital
Re, and Vidalia Re reflect their statutory capital sufficient to provide for all the risks of the
and surplus amounts recorded in accordance insurer, including risks specified in OSFI’s capital
with statutory accounting practices prescribed or guidelines. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
permitted by the NAIC and/or each subsidiary’s Primerica Life Canada’s statutory capital and
state of domicile; New York and Vermont. Peach surplus satisfied regulatory requirements and
Re was formed as a special—purpose financial was approximately $286.7 million and
captive insurance company and, with the explicit $252.6 million, respectively.
permission of the Vermont DOI, has included the
value of a letter of credit serving as collateral for In Canada, dividends can be paid subject to the
its policy reserves as an admitted asset in its paying insurance company continuing to have
statutory capital and surplus. This permitted adequate capital and forms of liquidity as
accounting practice was critical to the defined by OSFI following the dividend payment
organization and operational plans of Peach Re and upon 15 days minimum notice to OSFI.
and explicitly included in the licensing order Primerica Life Canada’s dividend capacity at
issued by the Vermont DOI. The impact of this January 1, 2017 is estimated to be approximately
permitted practice as of December 31, 2016 was $55.9 million, which is calculated based on its
approximately $408.7 million on Peach Re’s projection of maintaining internal target capital
statutory capital and surplus. As of December 31, requirements under certain adverse capital
2016, even if Peach Re had not been permitted scenarios during each year over the next five
to include the letter of credit as an admitted years. The actual amount of future dividends
asset, Primerica Life would not have been below that Primerica Life Canada will declare and pay is
the minimum statutory capital and surplus level also subject to the Company’s asserted position
that triggers a regulatory action event. Vidalia Re of permanent reinvestment of certain
does not have any permitted accounting unremitted earnings discussed in Note 11
practices that are not encompassed in (Income Taxes).
prescribed statutory accounting practices.
Canadian Insurance Subsidiary. Primerica (16) Commitments and Contingent
Life Canada is incorporated under the provisions Liabilities
of the Canada Business Corporations Act and is
a domiciled Canadian Company subject to Commitments. We lease office equipment and
regulation under the Insurance Companies Act Office and warehouse Space under Venous
(Canada) by the Office of the superintendent of noncancellable operating lease agreements that
Financial Institutions in Canada (“OSFI”) and by eXPire through June 2023 Teta' minimum tent
Provincial Superintendents of Financial expense was $7.0 million, $7.2 million, and
Institutions/Insurance in those provinces in $7.7 million for the years ended December 31:
which Primerica Life Canada is licensed. The 2016: 2015: and 2014: reSPeCtiVe|Y~ We had no
statutory financial statements of Primerica Life contingent tent eXPense during 2016: 2015: 0"
Canada reported to OSFI are prepared in 2014. In March 2013, we began a 15—year lease
accordance with International Financial agreement for our corporate headquarters in
Reporting Standards ("IFRS"). Duluth, Georgia with estimated minimum annual
, , , I , , rental payments ranging from approximately
Pt'mer'ca L'fe, canada SFaPaF'ty to pay ord'nary $4.5 million at inception to approximately
dIVIdends to Its parent IS limited by DSFI $5.6 million in year 15.
regulations to the extent that Its capital exceeds
projected capital requirements. OSFI requires
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 141