(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
approximately 10,400 of our sales During 2016, four of these fund families (Legg
representatives were licensed to sell segregated Mason, Invesco, American Funds and Franklin
funds in Canada. Templeton) accounted for approximately 92% of
. . . . . our mutual fund sales in the United States. Legg
In the United States, clients acquire securities .
. . Mason and Invesco each have large wholesaling
products from PFS Investments In either a . . . .
. . . teams that support our sales force in distributing
brokerage or an adVIsory relationship. In a . .
. . their mutual fund products. Our selling
brokerage relationship, a PFS Investments . . . . .
. . agreements With these firms all have indefinite
registered representative, pursuant to FINRA . . . .
. . . terms and prOVIde for termination at Will.
rules, is required to make a recommendation
that is suitable for the client, but provides no An affiliate of PFS Investments, Primerica
ongoing monitoring of the client’s investments. Shareholder Services, Inc. (“PSS”), provides
For its services, PFS Investments receives an transfer agent services to investors who
upfront commission in connection with the sale, purchase shares of mutual funds offered by
and a smaller, annual trail commission or 12b—1 American Century Investments, Franklin
fee for the continued servicing of the account. Templeton, Invesco, or Pioneer Investments
PFS Investments markets mutual funds and through PFS Investments. In exchange for these
variable annuities on a brokerage basis. In an services, PSS receives recordkeeping and
advisory relationship, PFS Investments and its account maintenance fees from the applicable
investment advisory representative have a fund company. PSS has retained BNY Mellon
fiduciary obligation to the client that arises Asset Servicing (“BNYMAS”) to perform the
under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 and necessary transfer agent services for these
related case law. Our current managed accounts on its proprietary SuRPASS system.
investment offering is a mutual fund wrap fee Also, BNYMAS provides transfer agent services
program in which our co—sponsor has to investors who purchase shares of Legg Mason
discretionary authority over the client’s account funds through PFS Investments. By agreement
and provides ongoing investment advice. As a with Legg Mason, such positions are included on
co—sponsor of the program, PFS Investments and a consolidated account statement prepared by
its investment advisory representatives provide PSS for PFS Investments clients. PFS Investments
the initial investment advice and receive part of serves as the IRS approved non—bank custodian
the annual advisory fee, which is assessed as a for customers that open individual retirement
percentage of the value of the assets in the accounts (“IRA”) (or certain other retirement
account. accounts) with PFS Investments and invest in
Mutual Funds. In the United States, our shares of mutual funds offered by American
. . . . . . Century Investments, Franklin Templeton,
licensed sales representatives primarily distribute .
. Invesco, Legg Mason or Pioneer Investments. For
mutual funds from the followmg select asset . .
. . . these sewices, PFS Investments receives an
management firms. American Century .
. . annual custodian fee.
Investments, American Funds, Franklin
Templeton, Invesco, Legg Mason and Pioneer. In Canada, our sales representatives offer
These firms have diversified product offerings, Primerica—branded ConcertTM Series funds, which
including domestic and international equity, accounted for approximately 37% of our
fixed—income and money market funds. Each Canadian mutual fund product sales in 2016.
firm continually evaluates its fund offerings and Our ConcertTM Series of funds consist of six
adds new funds on a regular basis. Additionally, different asset allocation funds with varying
their product offerings reflect diversified asset investment objectives ranging from fixed income
classes and varied investment styles. We have to aggressive growth. Each ConcertTM Series fund
selling agreements with a number of other fund is a fund of funds that allocates fund assets
companies and we believe that collectively, among equity and income mutual funds of AGF
these asset management firms provide funds Investments, a leading asset management firm in
that meet the investment needs of our clients. Canada. The asset allocation within each
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 19