(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
US. consumers to enroll in health insurance and regulations affecting our business is
compliant with the Affordable Care Act. Our primarily to protect our clients and other
representatives with health insurance licenses in consumers. Many of the laws and regulations to
a limited number of states can sell clients a which we are subject are regularly re—examined,
health insurance policy provided by a number of and existing or future laws and regulations may
major carriers on GoHealth’s private exchange become more restrictive or otherwise adversely
platform. We receive commissions from health affect our operations.
insurance carriers for policies issued to clients . . . .
. Insurance and securities regulatory authorities
we enroll. These payments, which vary by health . d. ” make in uiries re ardin
insurance carrier and by state, are typically a peno .lca y q 9. . .9 .
. . compliance by us and our subSIdiaries With
percentage of the policy premium or a flat . . . d th laws and
amount based on the number of members on a msuran.ce’ secunt'eé an 0 er
. regulations regarding the conduct of our
policy. . . . . .
insurance and securities buSInesses. At any given
In Canada, we have a referral program for time, a number of financial or market conduct
mortgage loan products offered by a third—party examinations of our subsidiaries may be
lender, 323 Bank. Due to regulatory ongoing. We cooperate with such inquiries and
requirements, our sales representatives in take corrective action when warranted.
Canada only refer clients to the lender and are .
not involved in the loan application and closing Regulation of our Insurance
Business. Primerica Life, as a Massachusetts
process” domestic insurer is re ulated b the
i 9 V
In Canada, we offer insurance products, Massachusetts Division of Insurance and is
including supplemental medical and dental, licensed to transact business in the United States
accidental death, and disability, to small (except New York), the District of Columbia and
businesses. These insurance products are certain US. territories. NBLIC, as a New York
undenNritten and provided by The Edge Benefits domestic insurer and a wholly owned subsidiary
Inc. and its affiliates. We receive a commission of Primerica Life, is regulated by the New York
based on our sales of these policies and any State Department of Financial Services and is
subsequent renewals. licensed to transact business in all 50 US. states,
Prior to 2015, we offered student life insurance Elgﬂfnd Of COIumb'a and the U'S' V'rgm
and short—term disability benefit insurance, '
which were underwritten through NBLIC. These State insurance laws and regulations regulate all
products were distributed solely by outside third aspects of our US. insurance business. Such
parties. In 2014, NBLIC sold its short—term regulation is vested in state agencies having
disability benefit business and novated all broad administrative and, in some instances,
policies in force to AmTrust North America, Inc. discretionary power dealing with many aspects
and ceased the marketing and underwriting of of our business, which may include, among other
new student life insurance policies. NBLIC things, premium rates and increases thereto,
continues to administer the existing block of reserve requirements, marketing practices,
student life business, as well as other closed advertising, privacy, policy forms, reinsurance
blocks of insurance that were discontinued reserve requirements, acquisitions, mergers, and
several years ago. capital adequacy.
Our US. insurance subsidiaries are required to
Regulation file certain annual, quarterly and periodic reports
. . , . with the supervisory agencies in thejurisdictions
our bus'ness '5 SUbJeCfE to e,XtenS',Ve laws and in which they do business, and their business
govérrlmenjcal regulatIPnsf '“CIUd'ng , , and accounts are subject to examination by such
administrative determinations, court deCI5ions agencies at any time. These examinations
and Similar constraints. The purpose of the laws generally are conducted under National
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 23