(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
Senior Note obligations, as well as to return as sole stockholder, will have no right to proceed
capital to our stockholders. The ability of our against the assets of that subsidiary.
subsidiaries to pay dividends to us depends on Furthermore, with respect to our insurance
their earnings, covenants contained in existing subsidiaries, we, as sole stockholder, will have no
and future financing or other agreements and right to cause the liquidation, bankruptcy or
on regulatory restrictions. The ability of our winding—up of the subsidiary under the
insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends will applicable liquidation, bankruptcy or winding—up
further depend on their statutory income and laws, although, in Canada, we could apply for
surplus. If the cash we receive from our permission to cause liquidation. The applicable
subsidiaries pursuant to dividend payments and insurance laws of thejurisdictions in which each
tax sharing arrangements is insufficient for us to of our insurance subsidiaries is domiciled would
fund our obligations or if a subsidiary is unable govern any proceedings relating to that
to pay dividends to us, we may be required to subsidiary. The insurance authority of that
raise cash through the incurrence of debt, the jurisdiction would act as a liquidator or
issuance of equity or the sale of assets. However, rehabilitator for the subsidiary. Both creditors of
given the historic volatility in the capital markets, the subsidiary and policyholders (if an insurance
there is no assurance that we would be able to subsidiary) would be entitled to payment in full
raise cash by these means. from the subsidiary’s assets before we, as the
. . . . . . . sole stockholder, would be entitled to receive
Thejurisdictions In which our insurance . . . . .
. . . . . . . any distribution from the subSIdiary.
subSIdiaries are domICIled Impose certain
restrictions on their ability to pay dividends to If the ability of our insurance or non—insurance
us. In the United States, these restrictions are subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other
based, in part, on the prior year’s statutory distributions or payments to us is materially
income and surplus. In general, dividends up to restricted by regulatory requirements,
specified levels are considered ordinary and may bankruptcy or insolvency, or our need to
be paid without prior approval. Dividends in maintain our financial strength ratings, or is
larger amounts are subject to approval by the limited due to operating results or other factors,
insurance commissioner of the state of domicile. it could materially adversely affect our ability to
In Canada, dividends can be paid, subject to the fund our obligations and return capital to our
paying insurance company continuing to meet stockholders.
the regulatory requirements for capital adequacy
and liquidity and upon 15 days’ minimum notice . . . . . .
to OSFI. No assurance is given that more A Signiﬁcant shangeén the competitive
stringent restrictions will not be adopted from enV'rqnment m W 'C W.e_ OperateFW'd
time to time byjurisdictions in which our negatively affect our ability to maintain or
insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, and such increase our market share and profitability.
restrictions could have the effect, under certain . . . . .
. . . . . We face competition in all of our busmess lines.
Circumstances, of Significantly reduCing . . . . .
. . Our competitors include finanCIal seNices
diVidends or other amounts payable to us by our . .
. . . . . companies, banks, investment management
subSIdiaries Without prior approval by regulatory . . .
. . . . . firms, broker—dealers, insurance companies,
authorities. In addition, in the future, we may . . .
. insurance brokers and direct sales companies. In
become subject to debt covenants or other .
. . . . . many of our product offerings, we face
agreements that limit our ability to return capital . . .
. . . competition from competitors that may have
to our stockholders. The ability of our insurance . . .
. . . . . . . . greater market share or breadth of distribution,
subSIdiaries to pay diVidends to us is also limited .
. . . . offer a broader range of products, serVIces or
by our need to maintain the finanCIal strength f I I f . k h
ratings assigned to us by the ratings agencies eatures’ a?5”rT‘.e a greater.eve O “S ’ ave
' lower profitability expectations, have lower fee
If any of our subsidiaries were to become and expense ratios, have higher financial
insolvent, liquidate or otherwise reorganize, we, strength ratings or offer more robust digital
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 47