(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
The Parent Company is a holding company that The states in which our US. insurance
has no significant operations. Our primary asset subsidiaries are domiciled impose certain
is the capital stock of our subsidiaries, and our restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries’ ability
primary liability is $375.0 million in principal to pay dividends to us. In Canada, dividends can
amount of senior unsecured notes (the "Senior be paid subject to the paying insurance
Notes"). As a result, we depend on dividends or company’s continuing compliance with
other distributions from our insurance and other regulatory requirements and upon notice to
subsidiaries as the principal source of cash to OSFI. We determine the dividend capacity of our
meet our obligations, including the payment of insurance subsidiaries using statutory
interest on, and repayment of, principal of any accounting principles ("SAP") promulgated by
debt obligations. the NAIC in the United States and using IFRS in
Canada.
The following table sets forth the statutory value of cash and securities dividends paid or payable by
our insurance subsidiaries:
7 Year ended December 31, r
r f 2016 2015 2014 :
7 (In thousands) 7
Primerica Life $94,700 $45,600 $235,000
Primerica Life Canada 22,342 16,950 13,434
For additional information on dividend capacity Primerica Life Canada also is required to conduct
and restrictions, see Note 15 (Statutory regular analyses of the sufficiency of its life
Accounting and Dividend Restrictions) to our insurance statutory reserves. Life insurance
consolidated financial statements included reserving and reporting requirements are
elsewhere in this report. completed by Primerica Life Canada’s appointed
Policy and Contract Reserve Suﬁ‘i’ciency aCtuary‘ Mapenals PrOV'ded by the appomted
. a actuary are filed With OSFI as part of our annual
AnalySiS. Under the laws and regulations of . . . , .
. . . . . . . . filing and are subJect to OSFI s reVIew. Based
thell‘JUl‘ISdlCtlonS of domICIle, our US. insurance . . . . .
. . . . upon this reVIew, OSFI may institute remedial
subSIdiaries are reqUIred to conduct annual . . . . .
. . . . . action against Primerica Life Canada as OSFI
analyses of the suffICIency of their life insurance d . . .
. . eems necessary. Primerica Life Canada has not
statutory reserves. In addition, other US. . . .
. . . . . . . . . been subJect to any such remediation or
Jurisdictions in which our US. subSIdiaries are
. . . enforcement by OSFI.
licensed may have certain reserve requirements
that differ from those of their domiciliary Surplus and Capital Requirements. U.S.
jurisdictions. In each case, a qualified actuary insurance regulators have the discretionary
must submit an opinion that states that the authority, in connection with the ongoing
aggregate statutory reserves, when considered licensing of our US. insurance subsidiaries, to
in light of the assets held with respect to such limit or prohibit the ability of an insurer to issue
reserves, make good and sufficient provision for new policies if, in the regulators’judgment, the
the associated contractual obligations and insurer is not maintaining a minimum amount of
related expenses of the insurer. If such an surplus or is in hazardous financial condition.
opinion cannot be provided, then the affected Insurance regulators may also limit the ability of
insurer must set up additional reserves by an insurer to issue new life insurance policies
moving funds from surplus. Our US. insurance and annuity contracts above an amount based
subsidiaries most recently submitted these upon the face amount and premiums of policies
opinions without qualification as of of a similar type issued in the prior year. We do
December 31, 2016 to applicable insurance not believe that the current or anticipated levels
regulatory authorities. of statutory surplus of our US. insurance
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 25