(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
Property and equipment balances were as maturity (or upon death, whichever occurs first)
follows: to be equal to 75% of the sum of all
contributions made, net of withdrawals, on a
December 31' first—in first—out basis. Otherwise, the maturity
: 2°16 2°15 : value or death benefit will be the accumulated
. a" th°usand5) value of units allocated to the contract at the
Data Process'ng specified valuation date. The amount of this
eqﬂpment and SOftW‘are $ 57'178 $ 60'414 value is not guaranteed, but will fluctuate with
Leasehold improvements 13,718 13,947 the fair value of the Funds.
Other, principally furniture Policyholder Liabilities. Future policy benefits
and equPmeﬁt 23,571 27,065 are accrued over the current and expected
94,467 101,426 renewal periods of the contracts. Liabilities for
. . future policy benefits on traditional Ilfe
Accummated deprec'at'on (671001) (72'017) insurance products have been computed using a
Net property and net level method, including assumptions as to
equipment $ 27,466 $ 29,409 interest rates, mortality, per5lstency, and other
assumptions based on our experience, modified
as necessary to reflect anticipated trends and to
separqte Accoupts’ The separa.te accounts are include provisions for possible adverse
pr'manly compnseq Of Coritrfcts '55:”ed .by the deviation. The underlying mortality tables are
Company through its subSIdlary, Primerica Life the Society of Actuaries ("50A") 6570,
Canada, pursuant to the Insurance Companies SOA 7380, SOA 8590, and the 91 Bragg,
Act (Ctnadal-Theinsuiar‘ce compames AFt modified to reflect various unden/vriting
authorizes Primerica Life Canada to establish the Classifications and assumptions. Interest rate
separate accounts" reserve assumptions at December 31, 2016 and
The separate accounts are represented by 2015 ranged from approximately 3.5% to 7.0%.
individual variable annuity contracts. Purchasers For policies issued in 2010 and after, we have
of variable annuity contracts issued by Primerica been using an increasing interest rate
Life Canada have a direct claim to the benefits of assumption to reflect the historically low interest
the contract that entitles the holder to units in rate environment. The liability for policy claims
one or more investment funds (the "Funds") and other benefits payable on traditional life
maintained by Primerica Life Canada. The Funds insurance products includes estimated unpaid
invest in assets that are held for the benefit of claims that have been reported to us and claims
the owners of the contracts. The benefits incurred but not yet reported.
prov'ded vary m amount ‘iei’em'ng on the , The future policy benefit reserves we establish
market value of the Funds as?etszThe.F““ds are necessarily based on estimates, assumptions
assets are administered by Primerica Life Canada and our analysis of historical experience. We do
and are held separate and apart fro”? the. . not modify the assumptions used to establish
general assets. of the company‘ The I'ab'ht'es future policy benefit reserves during the policy
reﬂect the var'ablé '“Suiance annglty contract term unless recoverability testing deems them to
holders interests invariable annUIty assets be inadequate and there is no remaining DAC
based Upon. aCtual 'nveStment performance Of associated with the underlying policies. Our
the respectlve Funds“ .Separate account , results depend significantly upon the extent to
9peratmg reSUItS relat'ng to contract homers which our actual claims experience is consistent
interests are excluded from our consolidated with the assumptions we used in determining
Statements Of mcome' our future policy benefit reserves and pricing our
Primerica Life Canada’s contract offerings products. Our future policy benefit reserve
guarantee the maturity value at the date of assumptions and estimates require significant
102 Freedom Lives Here“