(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT’S also impact prospective recruits’ perceptions of
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF the business opportunity that becoming a
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS Primerica sales representative offers, which can
drive or dampen recruiting. Consumer spending
OF OPERATIONS and borrowing levels affect how consumers
Management's Discussion and Ahaiysis of evaluate their savings and debt management
Financial Condition and Results of Operations Plans- In addition: intereSt rates and eqUtty
("MpgtA") is intended to inform the reader market returns impact consumer demand for the
about matters affecting the financial condition saVlngs and aneStment PtOdUCts we disttthteo
and results of operations of Primerica, Inc. (the Our customers, Perception at the strength 0f the
"Parent Company") and its subsidiaries capital markets influence their decisions to
(eeiieetiveiy, "we," "us" or the I'Cempahy") for the invest in the investment and savings products
three—year period ended December 31, 2016. As we distribute. The financial and distribution
a result, the following discussion should be read tesu'ts Of our Operations in canadar as reported
in conjunction with the consolidated financial in US. deltars: are atteCted by Changes in the
statements and accompanying notes that are CUtrenCy eXChange rate The canadtan deltat
included herein. This discussion contains eXChange rate increased medeSt'y in 2016 When
fon/vard—looking statements that constitute our compared With 2015 While it decreased sharply
plans, estimates and beliefs. These forward— in 2015 When compared With 2014. Therefore:
looking statements involve numerous risks and the Canadian delta" eXChange rate had less
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those imPaCt 0n the resU|ts at our bUSlness in 2016
discussed in "Risk Factors”. Actual results may compared to 2015 for all amounts tran5|ated
differ materiaiiy from those contained in any and reported in US. dollars. The effects of these
forward_|eekihg statements. trends and conditions are discussed below and
, , , , , , in the Results of Operations section.
This MD&A is diVided into the followmg
sections:
. Business Trends and Conditions Size of our Independent Sales Force.
. Factors Affecting our Results Qur ability to increase the size of our
independent sales force is largely based on the
- Critical Accounting Estimates success of our sales force’s recruiting efforts as
. . well as training and motivating recruits to get
ReSUItS Of Operatlons licensed to sell life insurance. We believe that
- Financial Condition recruitment and licensing levels are important to
. Liquidity and Capital Resources sales force trends, andgrowth in recruiting and
licensmg is usually indicative of future growth in
the overall size of the sales force. Recruiting
Business Trends and Conditions changes do not always result in commensurate
, . , . , changes in the size of our licensed sales force
The relative strength and Stabllltny finanCIal because new recruits may Obtain the requisite
markets and econom'es m the un'ted States and licenses at rates above or below historical levels.
Canada affect our growth and profitability. Our
business is, and we expect will continue to be, Re9U|at0ry Changes can also lmPaCt the Size 0t
inﬂuenced by a number of industry_wide and our independent sales force. For example, the
product_specific trends and conditions. insurance regulators in Canada implemented a
Economic conditions, including unemployment new life insurance “eenSlng examination
levels and consumer confidence, influence Program in January 2016 that requtes applicants
investment and spending decisions by midd|e_ to complete increased examination requirements
income consumers, who are gehetany our in order to obtain a life insurance sales license
primary eiiehts. These conditions and factors and has the potential to decrease the number of
58 Freedom Lives Here“