(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
percentage of the clients’ total asset values, or a We offer our US. and Canadian clients a
combination of both. For managed investments, Primerica—branded prepaid legal services
we receive an asset—based fee as compensation program on a subscription basis that iS
for advisory services, as well as recordkeeping undenNritten and provided by LegaIShield. The
and account maintenance fees, and marketing prepaid legal services program offers a network
and support fees from the mutual funds of attorneys in each state, province or territory
involved in the program. to aSSist subscribers with legal matters such aS
As the IRS approved non—bank custodian for the diam” WIHS’ I'vmg WINS and powers Of attorney’
. trial defense and motor vehicle—related matters.
funds noted above, PFS Investments receives . . .
. We receive a commiSSion based on our sales of
annual fees on a per—account ba5is for as long as these subscri tions
it services the account. As explained above, PSS p '
receives recordkeeping and account We have an arrangement with Answer
maintenance fees for the transfer agent services Financial, Inc. ("Answer Financial”), an
it provides to the four fund families noted in the independent insurance agency, whereby our US.
"Mutual Funds” section above. An individual sales representatives refer clients to Answer
client account may include multiple fund Financial to receive multiple, competitive auto
positions for which we earn recordkeeping fees. and homeownerS’ insurance quotes. Answer
Because the total amount of these fees F'nanC'al S C°.mParat'Ye qUOte proceés allows.
. clients to eaSily identify the underwriter that IS
fluctuates With the number of such accounts and . . . . .
. . . . . most competitively priced for their type of risk.
pOSitions Within those accounts, the opening or . . .
. . . We receive commISSIonS based on
closmg of accounts has a direct impact on our , .
. . completed auto and homeowners insurance
revenues. From time to time, the fund . . .
. . . applications and pay our sales representatives
companies for whom we prOVIde these seNices . .
. . . a flat referral fee for each completed application.
request that accounts or pOSItionS With small
balances be closed. We offer credit information services in the
United States and Canada. Credit information
In Canada, we earn revenue from the sales of . . .
. . . products allow clients to acceSS their credit score
our investment and saVIngS products in two . . . .
. . . and other personal credit information. Clients
ways. commISSIonS (or dealer reallowance) on . . .
. also have the capability of creating a
mutual fund sales and fees paid based upon . . .
. , . Simple—to—understand plan for paying off their
clients asset values (mutual fund trail . . . . . .
. . . debts With information from their credit file. Our
commISSIons and adVIsory fees from segregated . . . .
TM . credit information products are co—branded With
funds and concert senes funds)' on and su orted b a subsidia of E uifax Inc
segregated funds, we also earn deferred sales pp y W q '
charges for early withdrawals at an annual We have an arrangement with LTCI Partners, LLC
declining rate within seven years of an investor’s ("LTCI Partners”), an independent brokerage
original contribution. general agency Specializing in long—term care
insurance, whereby our US. sales representatives
. . refer clients to LTCI Partners to receive a long—
Other DIStr’bUted PrOdUCtS term care insurance quote. Many of these
We distribute other products, including prepaid POHCieS arePnderwritten and PIOVlded Py
legal services, auto and homeowners’ insurance Geﬂworth L'fe Insurance Company af‘d 'tS
referrals, credit information services, long—term afflllif‘tes and some-by Var'OU? 9ther Insurance
care insurance, and health insurance. In Canada, PIOV'd?r$- We reée'Ve comm'55'0n5 based 0“ the
we also offer mortgage loan referrals and anriuﬁllzed Premlum 0f Placed and taken
insurance offerings for small businesses. While POIIC'eS-
many of these products are Primerica—branded, We have a distribution agreement with
all of them are underwritten or otherWIse GoHeaithl LLC (IIGoHeaithu), an Operator of a
prov'ded by a th'rd part3" private health insurance marketplace that allows
22 Freedom Lives Here“