(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
requires us to make estimates and assumptions If actual lapses are different from pricing
based on currently available information when assumptions for a particular period, DAC
recording transactions resulting from business amortization for that period will be affected. If
operations. Our significant accounting policies the rate of policies that lapse is 1% higher than
are described in Note 1 (Description of Business, the rate of policies that we expected to lapse in
Basis of Presentation, and Summary of our original pricing assumptions, approximately
Significant Accounting Policies) to our 1% more of the existing DAC balance will be
consolidated financial statements included amortized, which would have been equal to
elsewhere in this report. The most significant approximately $16.3 million as of December 31,
items on our consolidated balance sheets are 2016 (assuming such lapses were distributed
based on fair value determinations, accounting proportionately among policies of all durations).
estimates and actuarial determinations, which We believe that a lapse rate in the number of
are susceptible to changes in future periods and policies that is 1% higher than the rate assumed
could affect our results of operations and in our pricing assumptions is a reasonably
financial position. possible variation. Higher lapses in the early
The estimates that we deem to be most critical durat'9”S.W0”.'d havhe aDa‘rgageir effect on
to an understanding of our results of operations amzrtlzatlgn S'nce.t e a ance; are '9 er
and financial position are those related to DAC, an e 9.3”!” durat'igns' Due to the Inhgrent
future policy benefit reserves and corresponding :ncertamt'es m ma mg aséumptlons a .OUt
amounts due from reinsurers, income taxes, and Uture events’ matemuy d'ffefent expenence
the valuation of investments. The preparation from eXpeFtefj reSUItS m perS'StenCy COUId reSUIt
and evaluation of these critical accounting m a matef'a' '.ncrease .Or idecrea.sed0f DAC
estimates involve the use of various assumptions amortlzatlon m a partlcu ar peno '
deVeleped from management's analyses and Deferrable acquisition costs for Canadian
JUdgmeats- SUbsequent experience 0'” use Of segregated funds are amortized over the life of
Other assumptions C0U|d PrOdUCe signiﬁcantly the policies in relation to the present value of
different reSUIts. estimated gross profits expected to be realized
Deferred Poll-Cy Acquisition Costs. We defer over. the life of the underlying policies. The gross
incremental direct costs of successful contract prOf'tS and resu't'ng ,DAC amort'zat'on W'” vary
acquisitions that result directly from and are W'th athal and ant'é'Pated fund returns
essential to the contract transaction(s) and that redempt'ons' Cqmm'ss'ons and expenses" DAC
would not have been incurred had the contract from 0‘,” Canad'an Segregated funds reﬂects
transaction(s) not occurred. These costs include approx'metely 3% Of our tOtaI DAC' and DAC
commissions and policy issue expenses. amortization on these segregated funds reflects
Deferrable term life insurance policy acquisition approx'mately 3% Of our tOtaI DAC amort'zat'on
costs are amortized over the initial premium— for the year ended December 31' 2016'
pay'ng Per'Od Of the releted pOI'C'eSm For additional information on DAC, see Note 1
proport'F’n to prem'um 'ncome end 'ndlfde (Description of Business, Basis of Presentation,
assumpt'of‘s made by “5 regaram perS'StenCy' and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies)
expenses” 'nterESt rales and Cla'ms' Wh'Ch are and Note 7 (Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs) to
updated on new bus'ness t9 reﬂect recent our consolidated financial statements included
experience. These assumptions may not be elsewhere in this report.
modified, or unlocked on in—force term life
insurance business, unless recoverability testing Future Policy Benefit Reserves and
deems estimated future cash flows to be Reinsurance. Liabilities for future policy
inadequate. DAC is subject to recoverability benefits on our term life insurance products
testing annually and when circumstances have been computed using a net level method
indicate that recoverability is uncertain. and include assumptions as to mortality,
persistency, interest rates, and other
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 67