(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 15 i)
(15) Statutory Accounting and common stock shall be declared by the Board of
Dividend Restrictions Directors out of surplus or, if there is no surplus,
out of net profits for the fiscal year in which the
US. Insurance Subsidiaries. Our tWO dividend is declared and/or the preceding prior
undenNriting U.S. insurance subsidiaries are fiscal year),
Primerica Life and NBLIC. Primerica Life wholly . . . , . . .
owns Peach Re and Vidalia Re, and ceded to Pr'mef'ca. me 5 Statutory ordmary (.jlv'dend
each in separate coinsurance arrangements capa.clty IS bajc’ed on the greater. Of’ (1) the
certain level—premium term life insurance prev'ogs year 5 Staiutory net gall] 1(er .
policies. operations (excluding pro rata distributions of
any class of the insurer’s own securities) or
Our US. insurance subsidiaries are required to (2) 10% of the previous year—end statutory
report their results of operations and financial surplus (net of capital stock), which may only be
position to state authorities on the basis of paid out of statutory unassigned surplus.
statutory accounting practices prescribed or Dividends that, together with the amount of
permitted by such authorities and the National other distributions or dividends made within the
Association of Insurance Commissioners preceding 12 months, exceed this statutory
(“NAIC”), which is a comprehensive basis of limitation are referred to as extraordinary
accounting other than US. GAAP. Prescribed dividends. Extraordinary dividends require
statutory accounting practices include a variety advance notice to the Massachusetts DOI,
of publications of the NAIC, as well as state laws, Primerica Life’s primary state insurance
regulations and general administrative rules. regulator, and are subject to potential
Permitted statutory accounting practices disapproval. For dividends exceeding these
encompass all accounting practices not so thresholds, Primerica Life must provide notice to
prescribed. The Company’s principal life the Massachusetts DOI and receive notice that
insurance company, Primerica Life, prepares its the Massachusetts DOI does not object to the
statutory financial statements on the basis of payment of such dividends.
fﬁgoﬁzflcnagniériﬁzcheﬂ:Egjgﬁﬂgggsogisggtgd by Primerica Life’s statutory capital and surplus and
Insurance ("Massachusetts DOI") and includes StatUtory unass'gned surplus at December 31’
. . . 2016 and 2015 was as follows:
the statutory finanCIal statements of its wholly
owned insurance subsidiaries, NBLIC, Peach Re, December 31' December 31'
and Vidalia Re. NBLIC’s statutory financial 2016 2015
statements are prepared on the basis of (In thousands)
accounting practices prescribed or permitted by Statutory capital and
the NAIC and the New York State Department of surplus $572,748 $560,936
Financial Services, while the statutory financial Statutory unassigned
statements of Peach Re and Vidalia Re are surpius 41,569 48,715
prepared on the basis of accounting practices
prescribed or permitted by the NAIC or the Primerica Life’s statutory net gain from
Vermont Department of Financial Regulation operations was approximately $392.4 million,
("Vermont DOI”). Our US. insurance subsidiaries’ $436.3 million and $267.4 in 2016, 2015 and
ability to pay dividends to their parent is subject 2014, respectively. Primerica Life made no pro
to and limited by the various laws and rata distributions of any class of its own
regulations of their respective states. There are securities during 2016. During 2016, Primerica
no regulatory restrictions on the ability of the Life paid ordinary dividends of $94.7 million to
Parent Company to pay dividends (other than the Parent Company and had estimated ordinary
limitations under the Delaware General dividend capacity of approximately $41.6 million
Corporation Code that provide that dividends on as of January 1, 2017.
140 Freedom Lives Here“