C PART 1111 D
Pursuant to General Instruction G to Form 10—K including a separate code that applies to only
and as described below, portions of Items 10 our principal executive officers and senior
through 14 of this report are incorporated by financial officers in accordance with Section 406
reference from the Company’s definitive Proxy of the Sarbanes—Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules
Statement relating to the Company’s 2017 of the SEC promulgated thereunder. Our Code
Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "Proxy of Conduct is available in the corporate
Statement”), which will be filed with the SEC governance subsection of the investor relations
within 120 days of December 31, 2016, pursuant section of our website, www.primerica.com, and
to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. The is available in print upon written request to the
Report of the Audit Committee of our Board of Corporate Secretary, Primerica, Inc., 1 Primerica
Directors and the Report of the Compensation Parkway, Duluth, GA 30099. In the event that we
Committee of our Board of Directors to be make changes in, or provide waivers from, the
included in the Proxy Statement shall be provisions of the Code of Conduct that the SEC
deemed to be furnished in this report and shall requires us to disclose, we will disclose these
not be incorporated by reference into any filing events in the corporate governance section of
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as our website.
a new” Of SUCh fum'Shmg' Except for the information above and the
Our website address is www.primerica.com. You information set forth in Part I, Item X. Executive
may obtain free electronic copies of our annual Officers and Certain Significant Employees of the
reports on Form 10—K, quarterly reports on Form Registrant, the information required by this item
10—Q, current reports on Form 8—K, and all will be contained under the following headings
amendments to those reports from the investors in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
section of our website. These reports are herein by reference:
available on our webSIte as soon as reasonably . Matters to be Voted on _ Proposal 1:
practicable after we electronically file them With Election of Eleven Directors.
the SEC. These reports should also be available ’
through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. - Governance — Director Independence;
We have adopted corporate governance - Governance — Code of Conduct;
guidelines. The guidelines andthe charters of . Board of Directors __ Board Members;
our board committees are available in the
corporate governance subsection of the investor - Board of Directors — Board Committees;
relatlonic’ seqtlon Of our webS'te’ . . - Board of Directors — Other Director
www.primerica.com, and are also available in .
. . Matters,
print upon written request to the Corporate
Secretary, Primerica, Inc., 1 Primerica Parkway, - Stock Ownership — Section 16(a) Beneficial
Duluth, GA 30099. Ownership Reporting Compliance;
- Executive Compensation — Employment
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE Agreements with our Executive Team
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE Members;
GOVERNANCE. - Audit Committee Matters — Audit
For a list of executive officers, see Part I Item X. comm'ttee Report’ and
Executive Officers and Certain Significant - Related Party Transactions — Transactions
Employees of the Registrant herein. with Citigroup.
We have adopted a written code of conduct that
applies to all directors, officers and employees,
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 149