(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
sales force. Located at our main campus in Available Information
Duluth, Georgia, our data center houses an , ,
enterprise—class IBM mainframe that serves as we make ave'lable free Of Charge on our webs'te
the repository for all client and sales force data (WWW'pr‘mer‘Ca'Com) our annual reports on Form
and operates as a database server for our 10”K' quarterly reports on Form le‘Q' Current
distributed environment. Our business reports on Form 8—K' and amendments to those
applications, many of which are proprietary, are reperts ﬁled or fum'Shed pursuant to
supported by application developers and data seet'on 13(a) or 15(d) Of Fhe Exehange,’,e‘et as
center staff at our main campus. Our information $00” as reasoeably praeeeaele ,upon f'l'ng Sueh
security team provides services that include 'nformat!en W'th' or fum'Sh'ng 't te' the SEC'
project consulting, threat management, Information included on our website IS not
application and infrastructure assessments, 'neorperajted by reference "no Fh's report The ,
secure conﬁguration management, and Company 5 reports are also available at the SEC S
information security administration. This Pebl'e Reference Room at 100 F' Street' Ne'
infrastructure also supports a combination of WaSh'ngton' DC 20549] on the SEC 5 webs'te at
local and remote recovery solutions for business WWW‘SeC'gOV' or by Call'ng the SEC at
resumption in the event of a disaster. 1‘800”SEC“O330'
We adopted a new Incident Response Plan in
August 2016. Under this Plan, our Incident ITEM 1A- RISK FACTORS-
Response Team consists of employees from our - o - .
information security, legal, compliance, public RISkS Related to our DIStrIbUtlon
relations, and business teams. This Plan iS Strucwre
deSig“:ld to he'Pdpgimepca idfntify a“d,t Our failure to continue to attract new
rom res on o in orma Ion securi - . .
ﬁicidthtz, corFi)tain and eradicate such incl/dents, recrUltS’ rem”? sales replesenlat'ves or
notify affected parties and, where appropriate, I'Cense Or mamtaom the I'Censmg of our
notify government and regulatory authorities. sales representatlves WOUId mater'ally
This Plan documents the roles and adversely affect our business, financial
responsibilities of Primerica personnel and third— condition and results of operationg
party vendors in responding to information , , ,
security incidents, including When and to Whom New sales representatives prOVIde us With acceSS
incidents should be reported based on level of to new Cl'ents' enable us,te 'nerease Sales and
severity. On a semiannual basis, the team prOVIde thenext generation of successful sales
undertakes facilitator_led trainings and representatives. As istypical with distribution
simulations of information security incidents. We bus'nesses' We exper'enee ,a h'gh rate Of
have also purchased cyber insurance coverage, turnover among our part—“me sales
which became effective in January 2017. representatives, which requires us to attract,
retain and motivate a large number of sales
representatives. Recruiting is performed by our
Employees current sales representatives, and the
As of December 31, 2016, we had 1,787 full—time effectiveness of recruiting is generally
employees in the United States and 239 full—time dependent upon our reputation as a provider of
employees in Canada. In addition, as of a rewarding and potentially lucrative income
December 31, 2016, we had 547 on—call opportunity, as well as the general competitive
employees in the United States and 89 on—call and economic environment. Whether recruits are
employees in Canada who provided services on motivated to complete their training and
an as—needed hourly basis. None of our licensing requirements and commit to selling
employees iS a member of any labor union, and our products iS largely dependent upon the
we have never experienced any business effectiveness of our compensation and
interruption as a result of any labor disputes. promotional programs, as well as the
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 31