(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
have implemented and maintain security Operating system failures, ineffective system
measures, including industry—standard implementation, loss of the Internet or the
commercial technology, designed to protect compromise of security with respect to internal,
against breaches of security sales and other external or third—party operating systems or
interference with our systems and networks portable electronic devices could subject us to
resulting from attacks by third parties, including significant civil and criminal liability, harm our
hackers, and from employee or representative reputation, interrupt our business operations,
error or malfeasance. We continually assess our deter people from purchasing our products,
ability to monitor and respond to such threats. require us to incur significant technical, legal and
We also require third—party vendors, who in the other expenses, and adversely affect our internal
provision of services to us are provided with or control over financial reporting, business,
process information pertaining to our business financial condition, or results of operations.
or our customers, to meet certain information
security standards. Despite the measures we The current legislative and regulatory
have taken and may In the future take to I. . h d b .
address and mitigate cybersecurity and C Imate W't regar to CY ersewr'tymay
technology risks, we cannot assure that our adversely aﬁeCt OW bUSlneSS, flnanClal
systems and networks will not be subject to condition, and results of operations.
Prteajjhes or 'Qtirlj?rcience;t.Any Sid} breaclhes or Various international, federal and state
m er emf: y 'r palr 'es 01h ytour 5a es . legislative and regulatory bodies are considering
:ﬁprfesten a. 'VTSdgr eThp iyﬁes i may occufr m or have considered, proposed, or adopted new
the u ur: In“; mg e a' ure 0 Iadny one 0 standards and rules regarding protection of
. es.ef.5ys te.mts or atpy reison’ CO” Csuse h. h personally—identifiable information. Such laws or
S'gnlldlfqan m errlth .lolnsd 0 our Offetca Ions’ W 'C regulations could require us to implement new
ECU. av: a ma} Ier'a 2.,[Yerse ed ec (I): mgr technologies or revise and maintain policies and
“Slnitc’s’ manC'a con I 'on an res” S O procedures designed to protect sensitive
Opera lons' customer, employee, representative and third—
Anyone who is able to circumvent our security party information. 39mg subjeCt t0, or out Of
measures and penetrate our information compliance with, the aforementioned laws and
technology systems could access, view, regulations could result in material costs, fines,
misappropriate, alter, or delete information in penalties or litigation, which could materially
the systems, including personally—identifiable adversely affect our business, financial condition
client information and proprietary business and results of operations.
information. In addition, an increasing number
ofJurisdictions require that clients be notified if In the event Of a disaster, our business
a security breach results in the disclosure of continuit [an ma not be sufﬁcient which
personally—identifiable client information, which y p ’
could exacerbate the harm to our business, COUId have a mammal adverse effect on
financial condition or results of operations. We our busmess, finariCIal condition and
cannot be certain that advances in criminal results Of operations.
capabilities, discovery of new vulnerabilities, . . .
. . . . . Our infrastructure supports a combination of
attempts to exp|0it vulnerabilities in our systems, . .
. . local and remote recovery solutions for busmess
data thefts, phy5ical system or network break—ins . . .
. . resumption in the event of a disaster. In the
or inappropriate access, or other developments . . .
. . event of either a campus—Wide destruction or the
Will not compromise or breach the technology or . . . . .
. . inability to access our main campus in Duluth,
other security measures protecting the networks . . .
. . . Georgia, our busmess recovery plan prOVIdes for
and systems used in connection With our I. . d b f I f
business a imite num er 0 our emp oyees to per orm
' their work functions Via a dedicated busmess
recovery site located 25 miles from our main
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 49