(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
wholly owned indirect subsidiaries of Citigroup clients develop long—term savings plans to
Inc. ("Citigroup"), were transferred to us by address their financial needs.
C't'grOUp on Apr” 1’ 2010 m a reorgenltat'on . - Many need to reduce their consumer
pursuant to which we completed an Initial public . . ..
. . . ,, ,, debt. Many middle—income families have
offering in April 2010 (the IPO ). On March 31, . . .
. . . numerous debt obligations from credit
2010, we entered into certain comsurance
. . . . . . . cards, auto loans, and home mortgages. We
transactions With entities then affiliated With h . . .
. . 0 o elp our clients address these finanCIal
Citigroup and ceded between 80/0 and 90/) of . . .
. . . burdens by prOVIding personalized and
the risks and rewards of our term life insurance Client_driven debt resolution techni ues
policies that were in force at year—end 2009. We 0' '
continue to administer all policies subject to - Many prefer to meet face-to-face when
these coinsurance agreements. considering financial products. Historically,
many middle—income consumers have
0 Cl. t indicated a preference to meet face—to—face
Ur [en 5 when considering financial products or
Our clients are generally middle—income serVices. As SUCh, we have deSigned our
consumers, which we define as households with bUSiness mOdel to address this preference
$30,000 to $100,000 of annual income. In a cost-effective manner.
According to the 2015 US. Census Bureau
Current Population Survey, the latest period for o . .
which data iS available, almost 50% of US. our DIStrIbunon Made,
households fall in this range. We believe that we Our distribution model, which is based on a
understand the financial needs of the middle— traditional insurance agency model and borrows
income segment which include: aspects from franchising and direct sales, is
. . . designed to reach and serve middle—income
- Many have inadequate or no life insurance . . .
. . . . . consumers effICIently by selling to customers
coverage. IndIVIdual life insurance sales in .
. . . . through our saleS representatives. Key
the United States declined from 12.5 million . . . . . .
. . . . . characteristics of our unique distribution model
policy sales in 1975 to 9.9 million policy include.
sales in 2015, the latest period for which '
data is available, according to the Life - Independent entrepreneurs: Our sales
Insurance Marketing and Research representatives are independent contractors
Association International, Inc. ("LIMRA"), a building and operating their
worldwide association of insurance and own businesses. This business—
financial services companies. We believe Within—a—business approach means that our
that term life insurance, which we have sales representatives are entrepreneurs who
provided to middle—income clients for many take responsibility for selling products,
years, is generally the best option for them recruiting and developing sales
to meet their life insurance needs. representatives, setting their own schedules
- Many need help saving for retirement and and “a9!“9 and paymg the. .
. . administrative expenses assoaated With
other personal goals. Many middle—income . . . .
. . . . . . their sales actIVIties.
families continually find it challenging to
save for retirement and other goals. By - Flexible time commitment: By offering a
developing personalized savings programs flexible time commitment opportunity, we
for our clients using our proprietary FNA are able to attract a significant number of
and offering a wide range of mutual funds, recruits who desire to earn supplemental
annuities, managed investments and income and generally concentrate on
segregated fund products sponsored and smaller—sized transactions typical of middle—
managed by established firms, our sales income consumers. Our sales
representatives are well equipped to help representatives are able to start their
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 5