(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
and some provinces have enacted laws, which insurance products and result in an increase in
vary significantly from jurisdiction tojurisdiction, the cost of our subsequent reinsurance
to safeguard the privacy and security of personal transactions.
2:3rgrjt'lanZ/Isagvzfaiig::If: gehpdrerzeurglalzlves The prices and expected future profitability of
p y . . ’ . y our life insurance products are also based, in
process, personal Information of clients through . .
a variety of media including the Internet and part’ Upon assumptlons related to perS'StenCy'
. .’ . Actual persistency that is lower than our
software applications. We rely on various . .
internal processes and controls to protect the perS'StenCy assumptlons COUId have an adverse
confidentiality of client information that is Effect on pmﬁtability’ espedally in the early
accessible to or in the possession of our years.’ Of a poncy’ primarily becau.se We WOUId be
com an ou’r em l0 ees and our sales required to accelerate the amortization of
p y’ . p y . expenses we deferred in connection with the
representatives. If a sales representative or . . . . .
employee intentionally or unintentionally Tacqy's’ltlon Of the pOIICy’ ACtual perS'SténCy that
discloses or misappropriates confidential client '5 h'gher than our perS'StenCy f‘SSUTT‘PF'Om could
information or our data is the subject of a have an adverse effect on p.rc.)f'tabmty m the
cybersecurity attack, or if we fail to maintain late.r .years Of a. block of Pollc'gs bfcausf the
adequate internal controls or our sales antlc'pated Cla'ms eXperlence 'S.h'9.hef I.“ these
representatives or employees fall to comply with later years. If actual per5istency is significantly
. . . . . different from that assumed in our pricing
our polioes and procedures, misappropriation or . .
. . . . . . assumptions, our reserves for future policy
intentional or unintentional inappropriate beneﬁts ma rove to be lhade uate We are
disclosure or misuse of client information could recluded fryOIan adustlh remlims (sh our
occur. Such internal control inadequacies or . J . g p . . .
h0n_compllahce could materially damage our in—force busmess during the initial term of the
reputation or lead to civil or criminal penalties, POIIC'eS’ and. our ab'hty to €1ngch prém'ums 0.“
which in tum could have a material adverse in—force busmess after the initial policy term is
’ ’ . . . . . limited to the maximum premium rates in the
effect on our busmess, finanCIal condition and Ollc
results of operations. p y‘
Our assumptions and estimates regarding
Risks Related to Our Insurance Business mortal'ty and pers'stency requ're “5 to make
dR . numerousjudgments and, therefore, are
an emsurance inherently uncertain. We cannot determine with
We may face significant losses if our actual IOFGCiSiOn the actual PerSiStenCy 0r ultimate
experience differs from our expectations amounts that we W'“ pay fol" .aCtual Cb”?
regardlhg mortalll or erslstehc payments on a block of poliaes, the timing of
y p y' those payments, or whether the assets
We set prices for life insurance policies based supporting these contingent future payment
upon expected claim payment patterns derived obligations will increase to the levels we
from assumptions we make about the mortality estimate before payment of claims. If we
rates, or likelihood of death, of our policyholders conclude that our future policy benefit reserves,
in any given year. The long—term profitability of together with future premiums, are insufficient
these products depends upon how our actual to cover actual or expected claims payments and
mortality rates compare to our pricing the scheduled amortization of our deferred
assumptions. For example, if mortality rates are policy acquisition costs (“DAC”), we would be
higher than those assumed in our pricing required to first accelerate our amortization of
assumptions, we could be required to make DAC and then increase our future policy benefit
more death benefit payments under our life reserves in the period in which we make the
insurance policies or to make such payments determination, which could materially adversely
sooner than we had projected, which may affect our business, financial condition and
decrease the profitability of our term life results of operations.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 35