(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
tools and self—service capabilities than we do. systems, networks and clouds to record, process,
More recently, significant capital has been transmit and store information, including
invested in direct—to—consumer offerings, sensitive customer and proprietary information.
including wealth management, retirement and We rely on these systems throughout our
life insurance products. To the extent these business for a variety of functions including to
entrants create a significant change in the conduct many of our business activities and
competitive environment, our ability to maintain transactions with our customers, representatives,
or increase our market share and profitability vendors and other third parties, to prepare our
could be materially adversely affected. financial statements and to communicate with
our Board of Directors. Our information
The loss of key employees and sales force term'Ogy éyStemS and applications run a
leaders could negatively affect our financial Yar'etY Of th'rd‘party and propr'etary software
Its and im air our abilit to im Iement Including POL (our secure Intranet webSIte
resu , p y p deSIgned to be a support system for our sales
our busmess Strategy force), the Primerica App, our insurance
Our success substantially depends on our ability administration system, Virtual Base Shop (our
to attract and retain key members of our senior secure Intranet-based paperless field office
management team. The efforts, personality and management system for RVPs), TurboApps (our
leadership of our senior management team have point—of—sale tool that streamlines the
been, and will continue to be, critical to our application process for our insurance product),
success. The loss of service of our senior our FNA tool, our licensing decision and support
management team due to disability, death, system, and our compensation system. Our
retirement or some other cause could reduce business also relies on the use of electronic
our ability to successfully motivate our sales mobile devices by employees, representatives
representatives, or implement our business plan and other third parties such as laptops, tablets
which could have a material adverse effect on and smartphones, which are particularly
our business, financial condition and results of vulnerable to loss and theft.
Opgratlons' AlthOUQh .Our semor execut've Maintaining the integrity of these systems and
Ofﬁcers have tntered Into émployment networks is critical to the success of our business
agreements W'th us’ there IS no asfurame that operations, including the retention of our
they Will complete the term of their employment representatives and customers, and to the
agreements or that they 9r the company WI” protection of our proprietary information and
renew them upon exp'rat'on' our customers’ confidential and personal
In addition, the loss of key RVPs for any reason information. We could experience a failure of
could negatively affect our financial results, one or more of these systems or could fail to
impair our ability to attract neW sales complete all necessary data reconciliation or
representatives and hinder future growth. other conversion controls when implementing
new software systems. In addition, despite the
If one of our significant information implementation 0t security and baCk-UP
technology Systems fails, if its security is measures, our informationtechnology systems
compromised, or if the Internet becomes .may b.e VUIn.erable to phys'ca' or e'eCtrOn'C .
. . . intru5ions, Viruses or other attacks, programming
disabled or unavailable, our buSiness, errors and Similar disruptions.
financial condition and results of . , ,
Operations may be materially adversely We are-subject to international, federal and state
regulations, and in some cases contractual
aﬁeded' obligations, that require us to establish and
Our business is highly dependent upon the maintain policies and procedures designed to
effective operation of our information protect sensitive customer, employee, sales
technology systems and third—party technology representative and third—party information. We
48 Freedom Lives Here“