(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
There are two fund products within our Many of our Canadian clients invest in
segregated funds offerings: the Asset Builder segregated funds through a RRSP. Our Common
Funds and the Strategic Retirement Income Sense FundsTM are also managed by AGF
Funds (“SRIF”). The investment objective of Asset Investments.
Bu'ldef Fund.s IS long—term capltal appregat'on Fixed Indexed Annuities. We offer fixed
combined With some guarantee of prinCIpal. indexed anhuit roducts in the U S throu h
Unlike mutual funds, our Asset Builder Funds Lincoln Nationayl pAIG and Uhivers'al'ufe 9
product guarantees clients at least 75% of their Insurance Com ’ah ("Universal Life”) (Puerto
net contributions (net of withdrawals) at the Rico) These rgduzts combine safet of
earlier of the date of their death or at the Asset . '. p y .
Builder Funds’ maturity date which is selected prmc'pal and guaranteed rates Of return mm
b the Client The ortfoho Chhsists of both additional investment options tied to equity
eéuities ahd'ﬁxedpincome with the equity market indices that allow for returns that move
component consisting of a pool of large cap based on the performange Of an m.deX' we
Canadian equities and the fixed—income bglleve these a.nd other ﬁxeqannu'ty prOdu.CtS
com Ghent consistih of Canadian federal give both our life and securities representatives
goveﬁnmeht Zero cougpon treasuries and more ways to assist our clients with their
government—backed floating rate notes. The ret'rement planmng needs“
portion of the Asset Builder Funds’ portfolio Fixed Annuities. We sell fixed annuities
allocated to zero coupon treasuries are held in undenNritten by MetLife Investors USA Life
sufficient quantity to satisfy the guarantees Insurance Company and its affiliates in the US.
payable at the maturity date of each Asset Our current offering includes a fixed premium
Builder Fund. As a result, our potential loss deferred annuity and a single premium
exposure is very low as it comes from the immediate annuity. The fixed premium deferred
guarantees payable upon the death of the client annuity allows our clients to accumulate savings
prior to the maturity date. on a tax deferred basis with safety of principal
The investment objective of the SRIF is to and a. guafantee‘? rate of fetum- The Single
provide income during retirement plus the premium immediate annUIty prowdes clients
. . . . with an immediate income alternative. In Puerto
opportunity for modest capital appreCIation. The . ff . .
SRIF invests in a maximum of 25% equities with RICO’ we currently 0 er two annu'ty prOdUCts' a
. . . . . fixed annuity and a fixed bonus annuity
the balance in fixed—income securities. The . . .f
product guarantees at least 75% of the clients undérwntten by umvers.al Ll e' The.se prOdUCts
net contributions (net of withdrawals) at the PrOV'de gutrantees agamst loss W'th several
earlier of the date of their death or when the Income Optlons'
client attains age 100. All accounts in the SRIF Investment and Savings Products
are held as Registered Retirement Income Funds Revenue. In the United States, we earn
which carry government mandated minimum revenue from our investment and savings
annual withdrawals. Similar to the Asset Builder products business in three ways: commissions
Funds, our potential exposure for loss associated and payments earned on the sale of such
with the SRIF is very low as its investment products; fees and payments earned based upon
allocations are conservatively aligned with the client asset values; and account—based revenue.
risks of the client contracts. On the sale of mutual funds (not including
With the guarantee level at 75% and in light of managed 'nveStments) and tnnu't'es' we earn a
. . . dealer rea||owance or commis5ion on new
the “me um" the SChedUIed matur'ty Of our urchases as well as trail commissions on the
segregated funds contracts, we currently do not Essets held in our Clients, accounts We also
believe it is necessary to allocate any corporate receive marketin and su ort fee; from most
capital as reserves for segregated fund contract 9 pp . .
beneﬁts of our mutual fund and annuity prowders. These
' payments are typically a percentage of sales or a
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 21