(ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS :)
ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Stockholders of Primerica, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Primerica, Inc. and subsidiaries
(the Company) as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of income,
comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three—year
period ended December 31, 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Primerica, Inc. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2016 and 2015,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years in the three—year period
ended December 31, 2016, in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), Primerica, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016,
based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (C030), and our report dated
February 27, 2017 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting.
/s/ KPMG LLP
Atlanta, Georgia
February 27, 2017
92 Freedom Lives Here“