(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 2 :)
broader range of forward—looking information, (2) Discontinued Operations
which is expected to result in earlier recognition
of credit losses on financial instruments. AFS I.“ J‘f‘Wary 2914' NBLIC SOId the asset? and,
debt securities are excluded from the scope of I'ab'l'to'ef’ Of 'ts Short—term Stuatuuiry d'sab'l'ty
financial instruments that require measurement beneﬁt 'nsurance bus'neés ( ) to AmTrUSt
of credit losses on the basis of a forward—looking North f‘mer'ca' “‘9 and 't5 aff'l'ates (the
expected loss estimate under ASU 2016—13. The buyer )' AS part meme, §§Ie agreement, the
incurred probable loss approach for measuring buyer assumedall liabilities for DBL insurance
credit losses on AFS debt securities will remain poliaes. In addition, NBLIC transferred the assets
under ASU 2016_13 but will be presented as an held in support of DBL’s insurance liabilities and
allowance rather than as a writadown all other premium—related assets and liabilities to
Therefore, an entity will be allowed to reverse the Puyer 35,016 January 1' 2014' The reSUItS Of
credit losses previously recorded on AFS debt DBL S Operat'ons from January 1' 2014 forward
securities in situations where the estimate of were, also tranSferred to the buyer' NBLIC
credit losses on those securities has declined. rece'veFlFaSh proceedsfrom the sale Of ,
The amendments in ASU 2016—13 also preclude $30 m'll'on and récogn'zed a preficax 9a”? on
an entity from considering the length of time an the sate Of epprox'mately $24 m'll'on' Wh'Ch,
AFS debt security has been in an unrealized loss Compr'§ed 'ncome fr9m d'scont'nued Operat'ons
position to avoid recording a credit loss and before income taxes in our results of operations
remove the requirement to consider recoveries for the year ended December 31' 2014'
or declines in fair value after the balance sheet After the saie, we no ionger had signiﬁcant
date. The amendments in ASU 2016—13 are continuing involvement in the operations of DBL,
effeCthe for the company beginning in ﬁscal and its direct cash flows have been eliminated
year 2020- The company is currently in the from our ongoing operations. As a result,
Process 0f eValuatlhg its lmPaCt 0“ the beginning in 2014, the results of operations for
Company’s consolidated financial statements. DBL have been reported in discontinued
Future Application ofAccounting operations for all periods presented in the
Standards. Recent accounting guidance not ConSOI'da’FedFﬁtetements Of 'ncome' we had no
discussed is not applicable, is immaterial to our assets or l'ab'l't'es related to DBL as Of
financial statements, or did not or will not have December 31' 20,16' .2015 end 2014' Th? reSUItS
an impact on our business. of DBL included in discontinued operations were
as follows:
Year ended December 31,
i 2016 2015 2014 i
i (In thousands) :
Total revenues from discontinued operations $— $— $ —
Income from discontinued operations before income taxes — — 2,427
Provision for income taxes — — 849
Income from discontinued operations, net income taxes $— $— $1,578
Segment and Geographical segment includes underwriting profits on our
Information in—force book of term life insurance policies, net
of reinsurance, which are underwritten by our
Segments- We haVe tWO Primary Operating life insurance company subsidiaries. The
segments — Term Life Insurance and Investment Investment and Savings products segment
and Savings PI'OdUCtS. The Term Insurance includes retail and managed mutual funds and
106 Freedom Lives Here“