(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
The decrease in total revenues in 2015 from asset portfolio funded by premiums from our
2014 was primarily attributable to the decline in term life insurance business does not involve the
allocated net investment income and the substantial asset accumulations and spread
increase in realized investment gains (losses) requirements that exist with other non—term life
discussed earlier in "Total revenues” under the insurance products. As a result, the profitability
consolidated "Primerica, Inc. and Subsidiaries of our term life insurance business is not as
Results” section. Total revenue also decreased sensitive to the impact that interest rates have
due to lower premiums attributable to the on our invested asset portfolio and investment
continued run—off of NBLIC’s non—term life income as the profitability of other companies
insurance closed block, which included the that distribute non—term life insurance products.
student life insurance business that ceased . .
writing new policies in 2014. Wetfollow a conservative investment strategy
deSIgned to empha5ize the preservation of our
Total Benefits CINd Expenses Total beneﬁts and invested assets and provide adequate liquidity
expenses increased in from primarily for the prompt payment of claims To meet
due to higher employee—related costs in other business needs and mitigate nsksl our
operating expenses 0t approxn’nate'y investment guidelines provide restrictions on our
$4.4 million, Wthh lnC'Udes the tUH“year etteCt 0t portfolio’s composition, including limits on asset
reallocated employee—related expenses 0t type, per issuer limits, credit quality limits,
approxn’nate'y $33 million between segments in portfolio duration, limits on the amount of
the second quarter or as described earlier investments in approved countries and
in the Term Insurance segment discussion. permissible security types. We aiso manage and
The increase was partially offset by the redUCtlon monitor our allocation of investments to limit
in the interest expense incurred on our the accumulation of any disproportionate
COlnsuranCe agreement. For more information concentrations of risk among industry sectors or
on the interest expense incurred on our 10% issuer countries outside of the US. and Canada.
COlnsuranCe agreement: see Note 6 In addition, as of December 31, 2016, we did not
(Reinsurance) to our consolidated financial hold any country of issuer concentrations
Statements lnC'Uded elseWhere in this report- outside of the US. or Canada that represented
The decrease in total benefits and expenses in more than 5% Of the fa” value Of our .
2015 from 2014 was primarily due to reduced available—for—sale Invested asset portfolio or any
other Operating expenses of approximately industry concentrations of corporate bonds that
$42 million reﬂecting the recognition of represented more than 10% of the fair value of
transition expenses for our former CO_CEOs in our available—for—sale invested asset portfolio.
2014 that resulted from the modifticationtof their We may also direct our investment managers to
employment terms" {ndue'ng ,end'ng the,” invest some of our invested asset portfolio in
employment on Apr!|.1' 2015 'nstead ef m currencies other than the US. dollar. For
August 2015' In add't'en' other Operat'ng example, a portion of our portfolio is invested in
expensee were reduced by apprex'mately assets denominated in Canadian dollars, which,
$4.0 million in 2015 versus 2014 as a sales force at minimum, would equal our reserves for
teehnelegy preJeCt assee'ated mm a non—Core policies denominated in Canadian dollars.
preduet effer'ng ended and, Its related Additionally, to ensure adequate liquidity for
developed software was written off in 2014. payment of Claims, we take into account the
maturity and duration of our invested asset
Financial Condition portfolio and our general liability profile.
Investments. Our insurance business is We also hold within our invested asset portfolio
primarily focused on selling term life insurance, a credit enhanced note ("LLC Note”) issued by a
which does not include an investment limited liability company owned by a third—party
component for the policyholder. The invested service provider which is classified as a
80 Freedom Lives Here“