(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 8 i)
Separate Accounts Contracts investing in the SRIF mature when the
, , , . policyholder reaches age 100, which is a
The Funds pr'mar'ly Cons'St Of a ser'es Of minimum of 20 years after issue. The SRIF is
branded 'nveStmenttunds knawn as the Asset designed to provide periodic retirement income
BUIlder Funds, a registeredretirement fund payments and as such, regular Withdrawals,
anOW'?’ as the Strateg'c Ret'rement Income Fund subject to legislated minimums, are anticipated.
( SRIF )' and a money market fuad ,known as the The cumulative effects of the periodic
.Cas’h Management Fund' The pr'nc'pal withdrawals are expected to substantially reduce
tnveStmant ObJeCt'Ve Of the Asset au'lder Funds both account and minimum guaranteed values
is to achieve long—term growth while preserVIng prior to maturity.
capital. The prinCIpal objective of the SRIF IS to
provide a stream of investment income during Both the asset and the liability for the separate
retirement pius the Opportunity for modest accounts reflect the net value of the underlying
capital appreciation. The Asset Builder Funds assets in the Petttehe as at the reporting date-
and the SRIF use diversified portfeiios of Primerica Life Canada’s exposure to losses under
pubiieiv_traded Canadian stocks, investment- the guarantee at the time of account maturity is
grade corporate bonds, Government of Canada to contract holder accounts that have
bends, and foreign equity investments to declined in value more than 25%, adjusted for
achieve their Objectives. The Cash Management withdrawals, since the contribution date prior to
Fund invests in government guaranteed short— maturltY~ Because maturity dates are at a long—
term bends and snort_term commerciai and term nature, the likelihood guarantee payments
bank papers, with the principal investment are redUlred at any glVeh Paint is Very small.
objective being the provision of interest income Additionally, the Pettfehes COhSlSt at a Very large
maintaining and preserving number Of individual contracts, further
capital. spreading the risk related to the guarantee
. , being exercised upon death. The length of the
under these Contra“ Offer'ngs' benaf't contract terms provides significant opportunity
payments to Contracthdders or the” for the underlying portfolios to recover any
des'gnated benef'F'ar'es are only duaupon short—term losses prior to maturities or deaths of
death.“ the annu'tant or up?“ reaCh'ng a the contract holders. Furthermore, the funds’
spec'f'c matur'ty date' Beneﬁt payments are , investment allocations are aligned with the
based on thevalue of the contract holder 5 units maturity risks of the related contracts and
'n the porthI'O at the payment date' bat are include investments in Government Strip Bonds
guaranteed to be no less than 75% of the and ﬂoating_rate notes.
contract holder’s contribution, adjusted for
withdrawals. Account values are not guaranteed We Petiedleally assess the exposure related to
for withdrawn units if contract holders make these COhtraCtS to determine Whether ahy
withdrawals prior to the maturity dates. Maturity additional “ability ShOU'd be recorded A5 at
dates for contracts investing in the Asset Builder December 31, 2016 and 2015, an additional
Funds and Cash Management Fund vary by liability for these contracts was deemed to be
contract and range from 10 years from the UhhecessaVY-
contract issuance date to December 31, 2070.
126 Freedom Lives Here“