(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
The occurrence of a catastrophic event regulators broad powers to regulate almost all
could materially adversely affect our aspects of our insurance business. Much of this
business, financial condition and results of State re.9”|at'on fOHOWS mOde' Statutes or
. regulations developed or amended by the NAIC,
Operatlons which is composed of the insurance
Our insurance operations are exposed to the risk comm'55'0n9r§ 0f eaCh U5~Jur|5letlf3n The
of catastrophic events, which could cause a large NAIC re‘exam'n§5 and ameUdS eX'Sttng mOdel
number of premature deaths of our insureds. A laws and reQUlat'Pns ('PClUd'DQ hOId'ng . .
catastrophic event could also cause significant company reQUlatlons) In add'tlon t0 determmmg
volatility in global financial markets and disrupt Whether new ones are needed-
the éfgoncftmy‘ Amigo”? we hazeliedgi‘: The Dodd—Frank Act created the Federal
5'9“ 'can map” y 0 0}" mor a I y “S 0 Insurance Office and authorized it to, among
reinsurers, a catastrophic event could cause a other things Study methods to modernize and
material adverse effect on our business, financial - - ' . .
condition and results of O erations Claims improve insurance regulation. We cannot predict
I . f ‘ Id with certainty whether, or in what form, reforms
res” tmg. mm a .C.ata.str0p '.C eve'.“ CCU cause will be enacted and, if so, whether the enacted
substantial volatility in our finanCIal results for reforms will materially affect our business
any quarter or year and could also materially Changes in federal statutes including the'
on reinsurance recoveries pOur ability to write Ferguson ACt’ ﬁnandal sen/ices regwation and
b . Id I d Iy ff t d federal taxation, in addition to changes to state
new usmess CO” a so e a verse y a ec e ‘ statutes and regulations, may be more restrictive
In addition, most of the jurisdictions in which our then current requirements or may result in
insurance subsidiaries are licensed to transact hlgher COStSI end could meter'allyedVersely
business require life insurers to participate in affect our bUSIHeSS, flnanCIal COHdItIOh and
guaranty associations, which raise funds to pay VGSUltS 0f Operatlons-
contractual benefits owed pursuant to insurance . .
. . . . . . . We are currently underg0ing multi—state
polioes issued by impaired, insolvent or failed . .
. . . . treasurer unclaimed property audits by 30
issuers. It is pOSSIble that a catastrophic event . . . . . . .
could require extraordinary assessments on our Junsfd'Ctlons focused on the l'f.e 'l‘SUla'TCE Cla'ms
insurance companies which could have a paying practices of our subSIdiaries, Primerica
material adverse effect on our business, financial Llfe.and NBLIC' Othgrlul's’d'ct'ons may.pursue
condition and results of Operations Similar audits and litigation. The potential
' outcome of such actions is difficult to predict
but could subject us to adverse consequences,
Our insurance business is highly regulated, '”C'”d'ng' '0‘” 9‘.” I'm'ted tO' Semement. . .
and Statutor and re Ulator Chan es ma payments, additional payments to benefICIaries,
, y g y y and additional escheatment of funds deemed
materlally advoelfseh/ affect our busmess/ abandoned under state laws. We cannot
finanoal COHdItIOﬂ and reSUltS Of reasonably estimate the likelihood or the impact
operations, of additional costs or liabilities that could result
, . . from resolution of these matters, or the effect
Life insurance statutes and regulations are these matters may have on the conduct of our
generaW des'gneol to prOteCt the 'ntereStS Of business, financial condition and results of
the public and policyholders. Those interests 0 ~
, , , perations.
may conflict With the interests of our
stockholders. Currently, in the United States, the Federal and provincial insurance laws regulate all
power to regulate insurance resides almost aspects of our Canadian insurance business.
exclusively with the states. The laws of the Changes to federal or provincial statutes and
various U.S.jurisdictions grant state insurance regulations may be more restrictive than current
36 Freedom Lives Here“