(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
judgment and, therefore, are inherently tax assets are recognized subject to
uncertain. We cannot determine with precision management’sjudgment that realization is more
the ultimate amounts that we will pay for actual likely than not applicable to the periods in which
claims or the timing of those payments. we expect the temporary difference will reverse.
Other Policyholders' Funds. Other Premium Revenues. Traditional life insurance
policyholders’ funds primarily represent claim products consist principally of those products
payments left on deposit with us. with fixed and guaranteed premiums and
Litigation. The Company is involved from time beneﬁts" and ate pnmanly relayed to term
. . . . . . products. Premiums are recognized as revenues
to time In legal disputes, regulatory Inquiries and
. . . . when due.
arbitration proceedings in the normal course of
business. Contingent litigation— related losses Commissions and Fees. We receive
are recognized when probable and can be commission revenues from the sale of various
reasonably estimated. Legal costs, such as non—life insurance products. Commissions are
attorneys’ fees and other litigation—related generally received on sales of mutual funds and
expenses that are incurred in connection with annuities. We also receive trail commission
resolving litigation are expensed as incurred. revenues from mutual fund and annuity
These disputes are subject to uncertainties, products based on the net asset value of shares
including indeterminate amounts sought in sold by us. We, in turn, pay certain commissions
certain of these matters and the inherent to our sales force. Additionally, we receive
unpredictability of litigation. Due to the difficulty marketing and support fees from product
of estimating costs of litigation, actual costs may originators. We also receive management fees
be substantially higher or lower than any based on the average daily net asset value of
amounts reserved. managed investments and contracts related to
Income Taxes. We are subject to the income separate account assets issued by Primerica Life
. . Canada. We earn recordkeeping fees for
tax laws of the United States, its states, . . . .
. . . . . . administrative functions that we perform on
munICIpalities, and certain unincorporated .
. . behalf of several of our mutual fund prowders
territories, and those of Canada. These tax laws . .
. . and custodial fees for serwces performed as a
can be complex and subject to different . . , .
. . non—bank custodian of our clients retirement
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant . .
. . . . . plan accounts. We, in turn, pay a third—party
governmental taxmg authorities. In establishing . . . . .
. . . prowder for its serVIcmg of certain of these
a prOVI5ion for income tax expense, we must . . .
. . . accounts. Commi55ions and fees are recognized
makejudgments and interpretations about the . . . . .
. . . as income during the period in which they are
applicability of these tax laws. We also must earned
make estimates about the future impact certain '
items will have on taxable income in the various Benefits and Expenses. Benefit and expense
taxjurisdictions, both domestic and foreign. items are charged to income in the period in
which they are incurred. Both the change in
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset . . . . . . . . .
. .. policyholder liabilities, which is included in
and liability method. Deferred tax assets and . . . .
. . . . . benefits and claims, and the amortization of
liabilities are recognized for the future tax . . . . . .
. . . deferred policy acqui5ition costs Will vary With
consequences attributable to (i) differences Olic holder ersistenc
between the financial statement carrying p y p y'
amounts of existing assets and liabilities and Share-Based Transactions. For employee and
their respective tax bases and (ii) operating loss director share—based compensation awards, we
and tax credit carryfonNards. Deferred tax assets determine a grant date fair value based on the
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax price of our publicly—traded common stock and
rates expected to apply to taxable income in the recognize the related compensation expense,
years in which those temporary differences are adjusted for expected forfeitures, in the
expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred statement of income on a straight—line basis
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 103