(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
funds are held by the mutual fund in which such investments, or mutual fund advisory, program.
client funds are invested or by the annuity In most states, our representatives are required
undenNriters in the case of variable annuities. to obtain an additional license to offer this
PFS Investments is required to file monthly program
reports as well as annual audited financial PSS is registered with the SEC as a transfer agent
statements with the SEC pursuant to Section 17 and, accordingly, is subject to SEC rules and
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as examinations. Acting in this capacity, PSS and
amended ("Exchange Act”), and Rule 17a—5 third—party vendors employed by PSS are
thereunder. As part of filing these reports, PFS responsible for certain client investment account
Investments is subject to minimum net capital shareholder services.
requirements, as mandated by Rule 15c3—1 of . . .
the Exchange Act. On April 8, 2016, the DOL published a final
regulation ( the DOL FiduCIary Rule ), which
The SEC rules and regulations that currently more broadly defines the circumstances under
apply to PFS Investments and our registered which a person or entity may be considered a
representatives generally require that we make fiduciary for purposes of the prohibited
suitable investment recommendations to our transaction rules of the Employee Retirement
customers and disclose conflicts of interest that Income Security Act ("ERISA") and Internal
might affect the recommendations or advice we Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 4975. IRC
provide. The Dodd—Frank Wall Street Reform and Section 4975 prohibits certain types of
Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd— compensation paid by third parties with respect
Frank Act”) gave the SEC the power to impose to transactions involving assets in qualified
on broker—dealers a heightened standard of accounts, including IRAS. In connection with the
conduct (fiduciary duty) that is currently DOL Fiduciary Rule, the DOL also issued new
applicable only to investment advisors. As exemptions and amended several existing
required by the Dodd—Frank Act, in January exemptions. On February 3, 2017, the President
2011, the SEC staff submitted a report to of the United States issued a memorandum
Congress in which it recommended that the SEC directing the DOL to review the DOL Fiduciary
adopt a fiduciary standard of conduct for Rule to determine, based on certain factors,
broker—dealers that is uniform with that of whether the rule should be revised or rescinded.
investment advisors. The SEC has slated the rule The DOL Fiduciary Rule, which was set to
on its regulatory agenda for "long—term action” become "applicable" on April 10, 2017, may be
without a specific timetable. delayed for an unspecified period while the
PFS Investments is also approved as a non—bank secretary Of balbor Frep?re.s an uﬁdéted f h
custodian under Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) economlc .an ega ana yS'S on t e ImpaCt O t e
. . . DOL FiduCiary Rule.
regulations and, in that capaCIty, may act as a
custodian or trustee for certain retirement PFSL Investments Canada is a mutual fund
accounts. Our sales representatives who sell dealer registered with and regulated by the
securities products through PFS Investments are Mutual Fund Dealers Association of Canada (the
required to be registered representatives of PFS "MFDA"), the national self—regulatory
Investments. All aspects of PFS Investments’ organization for the distribution side for the
business are regulated, including sales methods Canadian mutual fund industry. It is also
and charges, trade practices, the use and registered with provincial and territorial
safeguarding of customer securities, capital securities commissions throughout Canada. As a
structure, recordkeeping, conduct and registered mutual fund dealer, PFSL Investments
supervision of its independent salespeople. Canada performs the suitability review of mutual
. . fund investment recommendations, and like our
PFS Investments is also an SEC—registered . .
. . U.S. broker—dealer, it does not hold client
investment adVIsor and, under the name
. . . accounts.
Primerica AdVisors, offers a managed
28 Freedom Lives Here“