(ITEM 7. MD8iA :)
future policy benefit reserve liability reinsurance arrangements we enter into are
increase with the assumed interest rate. intended only to reduce volatility associated with
Since DAC is higher than the future policy variances between estimated and actual
benefit reserve liability in the early years of mortality rates.
a pOhCy’ a ISM/er assymed mteres.t rate In 2010, as part of our corporate reorganization
generally WI” reSUIt m lower prgf'ts‘ In the and the initial public offering of our common
Iraegeerrziirashmrg tfrieljztutheagoggé baerlfxter stock, we entered into significant coinsurance
assumed inteést rage enera“ Wil’l result in transactions (the "IPO coinsurance transactions”)
. . g Y with entities then affiliated with Citigroup, Inc.
higher profits. These assumed interest rates, . ,, . ,,
which like other ricin assum tions are (collectively, the IPO comsurers ) and ceded
locked in at issuep im act the tFmin but not between 80% and 90% of the risks and rewards
’ p g of our term life insurance policies that were in
the.aggregai[e amount Of DAC and fuwre force at year—end 2009. We continue to
polkcy beneﬁt refc’erve Changes“ we allocate administer all policies subject to these
net investment income generated by the coinsurance a reements
investment portfolio to the Term Life 9 '
Insurance segment in an amount equal to The effect of our reinsurance arrangements on
the assumed net interest accreted to the ceded premiums and benefits and expenses on
segment’s U.S. generally accepted our statement of income follows:
accountmg prmclpleé ( US“ GAAP )— - Ceded premiums. Ceded premiums are the
measured future policy benefit reserve premiums we pay to reinsurers These
liability less DAC. All remaining net ' .
. . amounts are deducted from the direct
investment income, and therefore the remiums we earn to calculate our net
impact of actual interest rates, is attributed premium revenues Similar to direct
to the Corporate and Other Distributed Eremium revenues' ceded coinsurance
PrOdUCtS segment premiums remain level over the initial term
Reinsurance. We use reinsurance extensively, of the insurance policy. Ceded YRT
which has a significant effect on our results of premiums increase over the period that the
operations. Since the mid—19905, we have policy has been in force. Accordingly, ceded
reinsured between 60% and 90% of the mortality YRT premiums generally constitute an
risk on our US. term life insurance policies on a increasing percentage of direct premiums
quota share yearly renewable term ("YRT") basis. over the policy term.
In Canada, historically, we utilized reinsurance . Beneﬁts and Claims Beneﬁts and Claims
arrangements similar to the US. in certain years include incurred Cléim amounts and
and remsgred only face amounts above . changes in future policy benefit reserves.
$500,000 in other years. However, in the first Reinsurance reduces incurred Claims in
qqarter Of 2012’ we enterfd Into a YRT . direct proportion to the percentage ceded.
reinsurance arrangement in Canada Similar to Coinsurance also reduces the Change in
our US. program. YRT reinsurance permits us to future policy beneﬁt reserves in direct
set future mortality at contractual rates by policy r0 ortion to the ercenta e ceded While
class. To the extent actual mortality experience is $RTpreinsurance dges not Sig niﬁcant’l
more or less favorable than the contractual rate, im act the Chan e in these gesen/es y
the reinsurer will earn incremental profits or bear p g '
the incremental cost, as applicable. In contrast to - Amortization of DAC. DAC, and therefore
coinsurance, which is intended to eliminate all amortization of DAC, is reduced on a pro—rata
risks (other than counterparty risk of the basis for the coinsured business, including the
reinsurer) and rewards associated with a business reinsured with the IPO coinsurers.
specified percentage of the block of policies There is no impact on amortization of DAC
subject to the reinsurance arrangement, the YRT associated with our YRT contracts.
64 Freedom Lives Here“