(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
business, but rather are for bona fide expenses jurisdictions or result in other costs or fines.
such as state and provincial—required insurance . .
examinations and pre_iieensing training. We There are also federal, state and prOVInCIal laws
have not been, and are not currently, subject to Of general application, §UCh as the FTC Ad! and
franchise laws for similar reasons. However, State?" prOV'nC'al unfa'r and deFept'Ve .trade
court could disagree with our assessment or that to Challeng? aspects Oftour recru't'ng CFC-sales
these laws and regulations could change. In represetntat'Veso In Par'F'CU'ar: our fecrU't'ng .
addition, although we do not believe that the efforts include promotional materials for recruits
Federal Trade Commission ("Fi-Crrys Business that describe the potentialtbusmess opportunity
Opportunity Rule applies tO our company, it available to them if theyjom our sales force.
could be interpreted in a manner inconsistent These materials, as well as our other recruiting
with our interpretation. Becoming subject to efforts and those of our sales representatives,
business Opportunity or franchise laws or are subject to scrutiny by the FTC and state and
additional disclosures and regulate the manner to mt'SIead'ntg Statements! 'nCIUd'ng m'S'ead'ng
in which we recruit our sales representatives that eam'ngs Ctla'mstmade to encourage POt?nt'al
may increase the expense of, or adversely new recruits t0j0in our sales force. If claims
impact our recruitment of new sales made by us or by our sales representatives are
representatives. deemed to be unfair, deceptive, or misleading, it
t . could result in violations of the FTC Act or
Ther? ‘f‘re Var'OUS laws and reQU'at'OnS that comparable state and provincial statutes
PrOh'b't fraUdU'ent 0r decept'Ve 5Cheme§ knOWn prohibiting unfair or deceptive trade practices or
as Pyram'd schemes. In general: a Pyrém'd . result in reputational harm.
scheme is defined as an arrangement in which
new participants are required to pay a fee to Being subject to, or out of compliance with, the
participate in the organization and then receive aforementioned laws and regulations could
compensation primarily for recruiting other require us to change our distribution structure,
persons to participate, either directly or through which could materially adversely affect our
sales of goods or services that are merely business, financial condition and results of
disguised payments for recruiting others. The operations.
application of these laws and regulations to a
given set of business practices is inherently fact—
based and, therefore, is subjectttotinterpretatilon There may be adverse tax, legal or
by app 'Cab.e en “cement aut .Of't'es~ our 5a es financial consequences if the independent
representatives are paid commi55ions and other t t t t t i
remuneration based on sales of our products con rac or a Us 0 our 3a es
and services to bona fide purchasers, and for representatlves '5 overturned-
this and other reasons we do not believe that we . .
. . . Our sales representatives are independent
are subject to laws regulating pyramid schemes. . .
Moreover our sales re resehtatives are not contractors who operate their own busmesses. In
. ’ p the past, we have been successful in defending
required to purchase any of the products . .
marketed by US However even though we our company in various contexts before courts
believe that our distribution practices are and governmental agendes against Claims that
currently in compliance with or exempt from our sales representatives should be treated like
these laws and regulations, there is a risk that a emplOyees' AIFhOUQh we belleve that we have
. properly claSSIfied our representatives as
governmental agency or court could disagree . .
with our assessment or that these laws and independent contractors, there is nevertheless a
regulations could change, which could require us “5k that the IRS’ the ganaqa Revenge Agency! a
. . . court or other authority Will take a different View.
to restructure our operations in certain .
Furthermore, the tests governing the
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 33