(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 5 :)
requesting a reassessment from an alternative methodologies that incorporate market
pricing service or other qualified source as information, such as index prices or discounting
necessary. We do not adjust quotes or prices expected future cash flows based on underlying
except in a rare circumstance to resolve a known collateral, and quotes from market participants,
error. to estimate fair value. If these measures are not
. . . . deemed observable for a particular security, the
Because many fixed—maturity securities do not . . . . . .
. . . . . . security Will be claSSIfied as Level 3 In the fair
trade on a daily ba5is, third—party pricmg serwces .
. . . . value hierarchy.
generally determine fair value usmg industry—
standard methodologies, which vary by asset Where specific market information is unavailable
class. For corporate, government, and agency for certain securities, pricing models produce
securities, these methodologies include estimates of fair value primarily using Level 2
developing prices by incorporating available inputs along with certain Level 3 inputs. These
market information such as U.S. Treasury curves, models include matrix pricing. The pricing matrix
benchmarking of similar securities including new uses current treasury rates and credit spreads
issues, sector groupings, quotes from market received from third—party sources to estimate
participants and matrix pricing. Observable fair value. The credit spreads incorporate the
information is compiled and integrates relevant issuer’s industry— or issuer—specific credit
credit information, perceived market movements characteristics and the security’s time to
and sector news. Additionally, security prices are maturity, if warranted. Remaining unpriced
periodically back—tested to validate and/or refine securities are valued using an estimate of fair
models as conditions warrant. Market indicators value based on indicative market prices that
and industry and economic events are also include significant unobservable inputs not
monitored as triggers to obtain additional data. based on, nor corroborated by, market
For certain structured securities (such as information, including the utilization of
mortgage—and assets—backed securities) with non—binding broker quotes.
I'mlﬁed tradmg aCt'V'ty.’ thwd—party pncmg . . The roll—forward of the Level 3 assets measured
serVIces generally use industry—standard pricmg . . . .
at fair value on a recurring ba5is was as follows.
Year ended
7 December 31, r
r 72016 2015:
7 (In thousands) 7
Level 3 assets, beginning of period $ 783 $1,165
Net unrealized gains (losses) included in other comprehensive income (23) (26)
Realized gains (losses) and accretion (amortization) recognized in earnings, including
OTTI 7 4
Purchasesll) 7,556 —
Settlements (161) (168)
Transfers into Level 3 1 —
Transfers out of Level 3 — (192)
Level 3 assets, end of period $8,162 $ 783
(1) During the year ended December 31, 2016, purchases of Level 3 assets primarily consisted of newly—issued fixed-maturity
securities in the fourth quarter for which observable inputs, most notably quoted prices, used to derive valuations are not
yet readily available.
We obtain independent pricing quotes based on period for all securities in Level 2. Those inputs
observable inputs as of the end of the reporting include benchmark yields, reported trades,
120 Freedom Lives Here“