(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
assumptions based on our historical experience, Income Taxes. We account for income taxes
modified as necessary for new business to reflect using the asset and liability method. We
anticipated trends and to include provisions for recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for
possible adverse deviation. Reserves related to the future tax consequences attributable to
reinsured policies are accounted for using (i) temporary differences between the financial
assumptions consistent with those used to statement carrying amounts of existing assets
determine the future policy benefit reserves and and liabilities and their respective tax bases and
are included in Due from reinsurers in our (ii) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
consolidated balance sheets. Similar to the term Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
life insurance DAC discussion above, we do not using enacted tax rates expected to apply to
modify the assumptions used to establish future taxable income in the years in which those
policy benefit reserves during the policy term temporary differences are expected to be
unless recoverability testing deems them to be recovered or settled. We recognize the effect on
inadequate and there is no remaining DAC deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in
associated with the underlying policies. Our tax rates in income in the period that includes
results depend significantly upon the extent to the enactment date. Deferred tax assets are
which our actual experience is consistent with recognized subject to management’sjudgment
the assumptions we used in determining our that realization is more likely than not applicable
future policy benefit reserves. Our future policy to the periods in which we expect the temporary
benefit reserve assumptions and estimates difference will reverse.
require significantjudgment and, therefore, are , , . , , . , ,
inherently uncertain. In light of the multiple taXJUI’ISdICtIDnS In which
we operate, our tax returns are subJect to routine
If the rate of policies that lapse is 1% higher than audit by the Internal Revenue Service and other
the rate of policies that we expected to lapse in taxation authorities. These audits at times may
our pricing assumptions, approximately 1% produce alternative views regarding particular tax
more of the future policy benefit reserves will be positions taken in the year(s) of review. As a
released, which would have been equal to result, the Company records uncertain tax
approximately $54.6 million (assuming such positions, which requires recognition at the time
lapses were distributed proportionately among when it is deemed more likely than not that the
policies of all durations), partially offset by the position in question will be upheld. Although
release of the corresponding due from management believes that thejudgment and
reinsurers asset of approximately $38.6 million estimates involved are reasonable and that the
as of December 31, 2016, which decreases over necessary provisions have been recorded,
time with the run—off of policies subject to the changes in circumstances or unexpected events
IPO coinsurance transactions. Higher lapses in could adversely affect our financial position,
later durations would have a greater effect on results of operations, and cash flows.
the release of future policy benefit reserves since , , , , ,
the future policy beneﬁt reserves are higher at For additional.informationon income taxes, see
the later durations. Note 1 (Description of Busmess,.Basis of
Presentation, and Summary of Significant
We cannot determine with precision the ultimate Accounting Policies) and Note 11 (Income Taxes)
amounts that we will pay for actual claims or the to our consolidated financial statements
timing of those payments. included elsewhere in this report.
For additional information on future policy Invested Assets. We hold primarily fixed—
benefits and reinsurance, see Note 1 (Description maturity securities, including bonds and
of Business, Basis of Presentation, and Summary redeemable preferred stocks, and equity securities,
of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 6 including common and non—redeemable preferred
(Reinsurance) to our consolidated financial stock. We have classified these invested assets as
statements included elsewhere in this report. available-for—sale, except for the securities of our
68 Freedom Lives Here“