(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
competitiveness of such programs compared January 2016. Changes such as these could
with other companies, including other part—time decrease the ability of applicants to obtain their
business opportunities and our recruits’ desire to life insurance licenses. Likewise, FINRA has
help middle—income families in their announced a restructuring of its representative—
communities become educated about their level qualification examination program that
finances and assist them in identifying products marks a conceptual change from FINRA’s current
that provide income protection and savings securities examination program. FINRA has not
opportunities. announced a specific timeframe for the
If our new business opportunities and products 'hmplementat'on of the. new exam Structure’ but
do not enerate sufficient interest to attract new as.targeted .an .effeCtlve date Of Ewan/.2018
. g . . While the ob ective of the new ro ram IS to
recruits, motivate them to become licensed sales . .J. . . p g
. . . . . improve effICIenCIes, if the changes create
representatives and maintain their licenses, and b . t t that are not relevant to
incentivize them to sell our products and recruit amets 0 en ry . ,
other new sales representatives, our business a.sse.5§mg an.apphcant S competence’ .the costs
would be materially adversely affected. fc’lgmﬁcantly '“Crease' or the prOgram.'§
implemented Without adequate tranSItions, the
Certain key RVPs have large sales organizations restructured program could result in a decrease
that include thousands of sales representatives. in the number of registrants obtaining their
These key RVPs are responsible for attracting, securities licenses in the United States.
motivating, supporting and assisting the sales
representatives in their sales organizations. The
loss of one or more key RVPs together with a There are a number Of laws and
substantial number of their sales representatives regUIatlons that COUId apply to our
for any reason could materially adversely affect distribution model, which could require US
our financial results and could impair our ability to modify our distribution structure_
to attract new sales representatives. . , . ,
In the past, certain distribution models that use
Furthermore: if we or any Other bUSlr‘esseS With independent agents to sell directly to customers
3 Similar diStribUtien StrUCture engage in have been subject to challenge under various
practices resulting in increased negative public iawsl inciuding laws reiating to business
attention for our business model, the resulting Opportunities, franchising and unfair or
reputational challenges could adversely affect deceptive trade practices.
our ability to attract new recruits. Companies , ,
such as ours that use independent agents to sell In general' State bus'nesjs Opportun'ty and
directly to customers can be the subject of franchise laws in the tJnited States prohibit sales
negative commentary on website postings, of busmess opportunities or franchises unless
social media and other non—traditional media. the seller PrOVideS pOtential purChaserSWith a
This negative commentary can Spread inaccurate pre—sale disclosure document that has first been
or incomplete information about distribution ﬁled W'th a des'Qnated State agency end grants
companies in general or our company in purchasers certain legal recourse against sellers
particular, Which can make our recruiting more of business opportunities and franchises. Certain
difficult. Canadian provmces have enacted legislation
dealing with franchising, which typically requires
From time to time, VarieUSiuriSdlCtiens make mandatory disclosure to prospective franchisees.
changes to the state or provincial licensing .
examination process that may make it more We have not been, and are not currently, subJect
difficult for our sales representatives to obtain to bus'ness 9pp0rtun'ty laws becauseihe
their life insurance licenses. For example, the amounts pa'd by our he)” representat'ves to “5:
insurance regulators in the Canadian provinces (D are less than the m'nimum threShOIdsnset by
and territories implemented a new life insurance many Stateend prOV'rTC'aI Statue? .and ('f) are
licensing examination program across Canada in “Qt fees pa'd for the r'ght to part'c'pate m a
32 Freedom Lives Here“