(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 5 :)
approximately $4.3 million and $5.4 million, includes those financial instruments that are
respectively. valued using. industry—standard pricing.
We have a deferred loss related to closed mgingggggﬁz’ 9810:0155 Ztgearrzaluatlon
fonNard contracts, which were settled several . ‘ . . p .
. . conSIdered In derivmg the fair value of the
years ago’ that were used to m't'gate our underl in financial instrument includin
exposure to foreign currency exchange rates . y g . ’ . 9
that resulted from the net investment in our 'ntereSt rate’ cred't Spread’ and fore'gn
. . exchange rates. All significant inputs are
Canadian operations. The amount of deferred observable or derived from Observable
loss included in accumulated other . . ’ .
comprehensive income was approximately szorrggzgnb'nsgjeTVZLﬁtgjgi 2,: alrlfich
$26.4 million as of December 31, 2016 and 2015. pp . y .
. . . transactions are executed In the
Whlle we have no current Intentlon to do 50’ market lace Financial instruments in this
these deferred losses will not be recognized until p .’ . . . . .
. . . . category primarily include. certain public
such time as we sell or substantially liquidate our . . .
Canadian 0 erations and private corporate fixed—maturity and
p ' equity securities; government or agency
securities; certain mortgage— and asset—
(5) Fair Value of Financial Instruments backed securities and bifurcated conversion
, . , . options; and
Fair value is the price that would be received . . .
upon the sale of an asset in an order|y ‘ LGVGI Valuations derived from valuation
transaction between market participants at the techniques In thCh one or more Slgnlflcant
measurement date. Fair value measurements are 'nPUtS 0" Slgn'flcant Value dr'Vers are
based upon observable and unobservable unobservable. LGVBI 3.consists Of financial
inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data Instrumenﬁs Whose fall” Value '5. éstlmated
obtained from independent sources, while based 0“ IanStW‘Standard PrlC'ng. . .
unobservable inputs reflect our view of market {ne’ChOddOg'es and mOdels U5'n9 Slgn'flcant
assumptions in the absence of observable mPUFS not based on. “Of COI’rObOfated by,
market information. We classify and disclose all readllx aVallable market Informatloh- .
invested assets carried at fair value in one of the valuatlons for “1'5 category Pr'marlly C0n5'5t
fo||owing three categories; Of non—binding broker quotes. Financial
L I 1 Q t d . f .d t. I instruments in this category primarily
° eve ‘ UO 9 pr'ces 0“ en '03 include less Ii uid fixed—maturit cor orate
instruments in active markets. Level 1 securities moitgage and assetE/backlzd
primarily consists of financial instruments securities:
whose value is based on quoted market . .
prices in active markets, such as exchange— AS 91 éaCh repomng PGfIOd, 8” assets aljd .
traded common stocks and activeiy traded liabilities recorded at fair value are claSSIfied in
mutual fund investments; their entirety based on the lowest level of input
L I 2 Q t d . f . ,| (Level 3 being the lowest) that is significant to
° eve ‘ UO 9 pr'ces or S'm' ar the fair value measurement. Si nificant levels of
instruments in active markets; quoted prices estimation and judgment are rgquired to
for identical or similar instruments in determine the fair value of certain of our
markets that are “9" active" and,m‘?o,|el” investments. The factors influencing these
derived valuations in which all Significant estimations and judgments are subject to
inputs and significant value drivers are Change in subsequent reporting periods.
observable in active markets. Level 2
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 117