(ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES :)
Schedule II
Condensed Financial Information of Registrant
PRIM ERICA, INC. (Parent Only)
Notes to Condensed Financial Statements
Description of Business conformity With US. GAAP requires US to mal<e
, . H I, n I, H I, , estimates and assumptions that affect financral
Pr'mer'ca' Inc' ( we 1 us or the Company '5 a statement balances, revenues and expenses and
held'ng, Company W'th our pr'mary asset be'eg cash flows, as well as the disclosure of
the QaP'té' StOCk Of our,WhO”y,OVYeed Opera“?! contingent assets and liabilities. Management
SUbS'd'ar'ee' and Cu," er'mary I'ab'l'ty be'eg considers available facts and knowledge of
$3750 m'll'on m Pr'nc'pel amount Of see'or, existing circumstances when establishing the
unsecured netes 'Ssued m a pUbI'C efferlng m , estimates included in our financial statements.
2012 (the "Senior Notes”). Our subSIdIarIes aSSIst
el'ents m meet'ng theIr needs for term “lie The most significant item that involves a greater
Insurance, Wthh our Insurance subSIdIarIes degree of accounting estimates subject to
underwr'te' and muwal funds" aneu't'esj' change in the future is the determination of our
managed 'nVeStments ane ether f'eaec'al investments in subsidiaries. Estimates for this
preduets' Wh'Ch our SUbe'd'ar'esj d'Str'bUte and other items are subject to change and are
pr'merflyeneehalf Of th'rd part'es“ oer pr'mary reassessed by management in accordance with
Sebs'd'er'esf 'nduee thefonow'ng ent't'es: US. GAAP. Actual results could differ from those
Primerica FinanCIal SerVIces, Inc., a general estimates.
agency and marketing company; Primerica Life
Ineurenceeompany ("Pr'mer'ca L'fe:l)' oer The accompanying condensed financial
p,r'nc'p,al l'fe 'esurance Company; Pr'mer'ca statements should be read in conjunction with
F'nanc'al serV'CeS (canaea) Ltd" a .hOId'ng. the consolidated financial statements and notes
Pompany fer oer caead'an Operat'ens' Wh'Ch thereto of Primerica, Inc. and subsidiaries
Includes Primerica Life Insurance Company of included in Part H Item 8 of this report.
Canada and PFSL Investments Canada Ltd.; and
PFS Investments Inc., an investment products
company and broker—dealer. Primerica Life, (C) Note Payable
domiciled in Massachusetts, owns National In July 2012 we issued the senior Notes in a
Beneﬁt L'fe Insurance “W?” a New YOTk public offering at a price of 99.843% of the
Insurance comeany’ In aci,d'tlon’ We estathhed principal amount with an annual interest rate of
Peach Re, Inc. ( Peach Re ) and VIdaIIa Re, Inc. 0 . .
,, . . ,, . . . . 4.75 /o, payable semi—annually In arrears on
( VIdaIIa Re ) as speCIal purpose fInanCIal captive .
. . . . . January 15 and July 15. The Senior Notes mature
Insurance companies domICIled In Vermont and on Jul 15 2022
wholly owned subsidiaries of Primerica Life. y ’ '
As unsecured senior obligations, the Senior
Basis of Presentation Notes rank equally in right Of payment With all
, , existing and future unsubordinated
These condensed fInanCIal statements reflect the indebtedness and senior to all existing and
results of operations, financial position and cash future subordinated indebtedness of the
flows for the Company. We prepare our fInanCIal Company. The Senior Notes are structurally
Statements m accerdanee YV'th UI;S' generally subordinated in right of payment to all existing
acceptee aecount'ng pr'ncfples ( Ujs' GAAP )' and future liabilities of our subsidiaries. In
These Pr'nc'ples ere eStabl'Shed pr'mar'ly by the addition, the Senior Notes contain covenants
Fmancnal Accounting Standards Board ("FASB"). that restnct our abiiity to, among other
The preparation of financial statements in
164 Freedom Lives Here“