(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
PRIMERICA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Description of Business, Basis of GAAP"). These principles are established
presentation, and Summary of grimarilIizIS/éclieﬁinancial Accountirig Standlards
. . - . . - oar ” ” . e preparation 0 inancia
S'gmflcant Accountmg POIIC'eS statements in conformity with US. GAAP
Description of Business. Primerica, Inc. requires us to make estimates and assumptions
(the "Parent Company”), together with its that affect financial statement balances,
subsidiaries (collectively, “we”, "us" or the revenues and expenses and cash flows, as well as
"Company”), is a leading distributor of financial the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
products to middle—income households in the Management considers available facts and
United States and Canada. We assist our clients knowledge of existing circumstances when
in meeting their needs for term life insurance, establishing the estimates included in our
which we underwrite, and mutual funds, financial statements.
t”“”'t'es' managed 'nyeStmen.ts afmd Othel . Use of Estimates. The most significant items
ﬁnanc'al prOduFts’ Wh'Fh we d'Str'bUte pr'mar'ly that involve a greater degree of accounting
on behalf of.th'rd part'es‘ our.pnmar¥. . estimates and actuarial determinations subject
su.bS'dlanesf mduple the.f0llOW'ng,,entlfles' to change in the future are the valuation of
Pr'menca Fmanclal semces’. Inc' ( PFS )’ fa investments, deferred policy acquisition costs
ggneral agéncy and marketmg comupapy’ . ("DAC"), liabilities for future policy benefits and
PT'Ter'Ca L'f.e “iguana”: company ( Pr'menca unpaid policy claims, and income taxes.
L'fe )’ 9W prmclpal l'fe 'Psurame company; Estimates for these and other items are subject
Pr'mérlca Fmanc'al sen/Ices (CaWada) Ltd” fa to change and are reassessed by management in
holdmrq company. for 9W Canad'an Operatlons’ accordance with US. GAAP. Actual results could
which includes PrimericaLife insurance H differ from those estimates.
Company of Canada ( Primerica Life Canada )
and PFSL Investments Canada Ltd. ("PFSL CONSOIidatiON- The accompanying
Investments Canada"); and st Investments Inc, consolidated financial statements include the
("PPS Investments"), an investment products accounts of the Company and those entities
company and broker—dealer. Primerica Life, requred to be C0n$0lldated under applicable
domiciled in Massachusetts, owns National accounting standards. All material intercompany
Beneﬁt Life Insurance Company ("NBLIC"), a New profits, transactions, and balances among the
york insurance company, we estabnsned peach consolidated entities have been eliminated.
Rel “‘9 ("Pe‘f‘Ch Re") andIV'dalla Rel Ilia ("V'dal'a Reclassifications. Certain reclassifications
Be") as Spec'al Purpose f'nanc'al captlve have been made to prior—period amounts to
'nsutalfce. compah'es .and Who'ly owned conform to current—period reporting
SlabS'd'ar'eS Of Pr'mer'ca L'fe- PeaCh Re and classifications. These reclassifications had no
V'qal'a Re have eaCh enteréd mt? seParaFe impact on net income or total stockholders’
comsurance agreements With Primerica Life equity.
whereby Primerica Life has ceded certain level—
premium term life insurance policies to Peach Re SUbsequent Events' The Company has. .
and Vidaiia Re (respectively, the "peach Re evaluated subsequent events for recognition and
Coinsurance Agreement" and the "Vidaiia Re disclosure for occurrences and transactions after
Coinsurance Agreement"). the date of the consolidated finanCIal statements
at December 31, 2016.
Basis of Presentation. We prepare our , ,
financial statements in accordance with US. or Currency Tmr's’atw't , Assets and
generally accepted accounting principles ("US liabilities of our Canadian subSIdiaries are
translated into US. dollars usmg year—end
98 Freedom Lives Here“