(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
Embedded conversion options associated with associated with reinsured policies. Ceded policy
fixed—maturity securities are bifurcated from the reserves and claims liabilities relating to
fixed—maturity security host contracts and insurance ceded are shown as due from
separately recognized as equity securities. The reinsurers on the accompanying consolidated
change in fair value of these bifurcated balance sheets.
conversion options is recorded in realized gains We analyze and monitor the creditworthiness of
(losses): inCIUdlng OTTI in the accompanying each of our reinsurance partners to minimize
conSOI'dated Statements Of 'neome- collection issues. For reinsurance contracts with
Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash unauthorized reinsurers, we require collateral
equivalents include cash on hand, money market SUCh as letters Of Cred't‘
instruments, and all other highly liquid To the extent we receive ceding allowances to
investments purchased with an original or cover policy and claims administration under
remaining maturity of three months or less at reinsurance contracts, these allowances are treated
the date of acquisition. as a reduction to insurance commissions and
o . . expenses and are recognized when due from the
Re‘f'aur‘mce' we use re'nsuraeee eHXtenS'Vely' assuming company. To the extent we receive
“la-“2mg yearly renewable term ( YRT ) and ceding allowances reimbursing commissions that
comsurance agreements. Under YRT agreements, would otherwise be deferred, the amount of
we reinsure only the mortality riSk' While under commissions deferrable will be reduced. The
celesuraneel we reinsure a Proportional-ice part Of corresponding DAC balances are reduced on a pro
all-“5kg ar's'ng unOler the re'nsared pel'ey‘ under rata basis by the portion of the business reinsured
CO'nsureneeI the re'nsurer reee'YeS a with reinsurance agreements that meet risk
prepeﬁ'enate part Of the prem'emsl less transfer provisions. The reduced DAC will result in
eemm'ss'ee allowances! and '5 ['able for a a corresponding reduction of amortization
corresponding part of all benefit payments. expense.
All reinsurance contracts in effect for the three— DAC. We defer incremental direct costs of
year period ended December 31, 2016 transfer a successful contract acquisitions that result
reasonable possibility of substantial loss to the directly from and are essential to the contract
reinsurer or are accounted for under the deposit transaction(s) and that would not have been
method of accounting. incurred had the contract transaction(s) not
, , occurred. These deferred policy acquisition costs
Ceded prem'ums are treated as a reduet'en to mainly include commissions and policy issue
a'reCt prem'ams and are recogn'zed when due expenses. All other acquisition—related costs,
to the assum'ng C0,mpany’,ceded Cla'ms are including unsuccessful acquisition and renewal
treated. as a reduction to. direct benefits and are efforts, are Charged to expense as incurred. Also,
recogn'zea When the C!a'm '5 'ncurrea on a administrative costs, rent, depreciation,
direct ba5is. Ceded policy reserve changes are occupancy, equipment, and a” other general
alse treated as a reaUCt'On to beneﬁts and overhead costs are considered indirect costs and
claims expense and are recognized during the are Charged to expense as incurred.
apphcable manual reportmg penOd' DAC for term life insurance policies is amortized
Reinsurance premiums, commissions, expense over the initial premium—paying period of the
reimbursements and benefits and reserves related policies in proportion to premium
related to reinsured long—duration contracts are income. DAC for Canadian segregated funds is
accounted for over the life of the underlying amortized over the life of the underlying policies
contracts using assumptions consistent with at a constant rate based on the present value of
those used to account for the underlying the estimated gross profits expected to be
policies. Amounts recoverable from reinsurers realized over the life of the underlying policies.
are estimated in a manner consistent with the DAC is subject to recoverability testing annually
claim liabilities and future policy benefits and when impairment indicators exist.
100 Freedom Lives Here“