(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
regulatory requirements and be designated as All of our sales representatives are required to
an investment advisor representative in order to participate in our annual regulatory—required
sell our managed investment products. compliance meeting, a program administered by
. . . our senior management and our legal and
Our Canadian sales representatives selling . . .
. compliance staff at which we prowde a
mutual fund products are reqUIred to be . . . .
. . . . compliance training overVIew across all product
licensed by the securities regulators in the . . . .
. . . . . lines and reqUIre the completion of compliance
provmces and territories in which they sell . .
. checklists by each of our licensed sales
mutual fund products. Our Canadian sales .
. . representatives for each product he or She
representatives who are licensed to sell our . . .
. offers. Additionally, our sales representatives
insurance products do not need any further . . . . . .
I. . receive periodic compliance communications
icensmg to sell our segregated funds products. . .
regarding new compliance developments and
For sales of our supplemental products, issues of special significance. Furthermore, the
appropriate state, provincial and territorial OSJS are required to complete an annual training
licensing may be required. program that focuses on securities compliance
and field supervision.
Supervision and Compliance Our Field Audit Department regularly conducts
. . , audits of all sales representative offices,
To ensure compliance With variousfederal, state, including scheduled and nemetice audits. The
provmaal and territorial legal requirements, we Field Audit Department reviews a” regulatory_
a'Of‘g W'Fh the RVPS Share respons'b'l'ty for required records that are not maintained at our
ma'nta'n'ng ﬁlm/era” QOWPI'ance program that home office. Any compliance deficiencies noted
'nVOIVeS Comphé‘me tram'f‘g .and support'ng as in the audit must be corrected, and we carefully
we” as morl'tor'ng the aCt'Vft'es Of our sales monitor all corrective action. Field offices that
representat'ves° ,Wework W'th .the RVPS t9 fail an audit are subject to a follow—up audit in
develop and ma'nta'n appropr'ate Compl'ance 150 days. Audit deficiencies are addressed
prOCEdures and SyStemS' through fines, reprimands, probations and
Generally, all RVPs must obtain a principal license contract terminations-
(FINRA Series 26 in the United States and Branch
Manager license in.Canada), and, asa result, they our Product Offerings
assume responSibility over the actIVIties of their
sales organizations. Additional supervision is Reflecting our philosophy of helping middle—
provided by approximately 503 Offices of income clients with their financial product needs
Supervisory Jurisdiction ("OSJS"), which are run by and ensuring compatibility with our distribution
select RVPs who receive additional compensation model, our product offerings generally meet the
for assuming responsibility for supervision and following criteria:
comphance mpmtormg ‘i‘cr9ss a”.prOdUCt Imes‘ - Consistent with sound individual finance
OSJS are required to periodically inspect sales . . o .
. . prinCiples. Products must be con5istent
force field offices and report to us any . . . .
. . . With good personal finance prinCIples for
compliance issues they observe. Our Field . . . .
. . . middle—income consumers, such as finanCIal
Superw5ion Department regularly a55ists the OSJS . . . . .
. . . protection, minimizmg expenses,
and communicates compliance requirements to . .
. . encouraging long—term savmgs and
them to ensure they properly discharge their .
. .. . . . . reducmg debt.
responSibilities. In addition, our Compliance
Department regularly runS surveillance reports - Designed to support multiple client
designed to monitor the activity of our sales force goals: Products are designed to address
and investigates any unusual or suspicious activity and support a broad range of financial
identified during these reviews or during periodic goals rather than compete with or
inspections of RVP offices. cannibalize each other. For example, term
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 13