C Pearl D
ITEM 1, BUSINESS, compensation structure, technology, sales
. . H . . I, u I, H n support and back—office processing are
IlIDrimerica, Inc. ( Primerica , we , .us. or the designed to enable our sales
Parent Company ) '5 alead'ng d'Str'bUtor Of representatives to successfully grow their
finanCIal products to middle—income households independent businesses.
In the United States and Canada With 116,827
licensed sales representatives at December 31,
2016. We assist our clients in meeting their Corporate Structure
needs f0,r term l'fe 'nsurance' Wh'Ch,V‘,’e We conduct our core business activities in the
underwr'té' and muwal funds' annu't'esf' United States through three principal entities, all
managed '“V?Stme”t§ ahd other, f'na,nc'a| of which are direct or indirect wholly owned
products, which we distribute primarily on behalf subsidiaries or the Parent Company.
of third parties. We insured apprOXimately five
million lives and have over two million client ’ Primerica FinanCial SerViceSr 10C. ("PFS"). 0Ur
investment accounts at December 31, 2016. Our general agency and marketing company?
distribution model uniquely positions us to s , Primerica Life Insurance Company
reaCh under§erved m'ddle‘mcome COHSEJmerS: m ("Primerica Life”), our principal life insurance
a cost effective manner and has proven itself in underwriting company; and
both favorable and challenging economic
environments. - PFS Investments Inc. ("PFS Investments”),
. 0 . . 0 . 0 our investment and savings products
Our mis5ion is to serve middle—income families company, brekeedeaier and registered
by helping them make informed finanCIal investment adviser.
decisions and providing them with a strategy . . . . . . .
and means to gain financial independence. our Primerica Life is domiciled in Massachusetts, and
distribution model is designed to: its wholly owned subSIdiary, National Benefit Life
Insurance Company ("NBLIC"), is a New York—
° Address our clients’financial needs. Our domiciled life insurance underwriting company.
licensed sales representatives primarily use , . , , ,
our proprietary financial needs analysis tool We Conduct our Core buslnef’s aCt'Vltles m
(uFNAn) and an educational approach to Canada through three prinCIpal entities, all of
demonstrate how our product Offerings can which are indirect wholly owned subSIdiaries of
assist clients to provide financial protection the Parent Company:
for their families, save for their retirement . primerica Life Insurance Company of
and other needs, and manage their debt. Canada ("Primerica Life Canada"), our
Typically, our clients are the friends, family Canadian life insurance underwriting
members and personal acquaintances of company;
our sales representatives. Meetings are ,,
generally held in informal, face—to—face ' PFSL InveStments cannada Ltd' ( PFSL
settings, usually in the clients’ homes. Ipvestments canada )’ our canad'an
licensed mutual fund dealer; and
. PrOWde a busmeFS Oppgrtumty' we RrOV'de - PFSL Fund Management Ltd. ("PFSL Fund
an entrepreneurial busmess opportunity for Mana ement”) our Canadian investment
individuals to distribute financial products. fundsgmana er’
Low entry fees as well as the ability to select 9 ’
their own schedules and time commitments Primerica was incorporated in the United States
allow our sales representatives to as a Delaware corporation in October 2009 to
supplement their income by starting their serve as a holding company for the Primerica
own independent businesses without businesses (collectively, the "Company”). Our
leaving their current jobs. Our unique businesses, which prior to April 1, 2010, were
4 Freedom Lives Here“