(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
communications, we provide incentives that applicable state and provincial licensing
drive our results. Motivation is driven in part by requirements and prepare recruits to pass
our sales representativeS’ desire to achieve applicable licensing exams. For those
higher levels of financial success by building representatives who wish to sell investment and
their own businesses as Primerica saleS savings products, we contract with third—party
representatives. The opportunity to help training firms to conduct exam preparation and
underserved middle—income households address also offer supplemental training tools.
financial challenges is also a significant source of . .
. . . As part of the entry fee, new recrUIts receive a
motivation for many of our sales representatives, . . .
. personalized study plan, a variety of reVIew
as well as for our management and home office . . .
employees classes, exam reVIew videos and audios, and
' exam and license registration. Additionally, many
We motivate our saleS representatives to RVPs conduct training either on nights or
succeed in their businesses by: weekends, providing new recruits a convenient
. . opportunity to attend training outside of
- compensating our saleS representatives for weekda .Obs or fam” commitments
product sales made by them and their sales w y '
organizations; Communication and Training. We
. . communicate with our sales force and provide
- helping our sales representatives learn . . . . . .
. . training through multiple channels, including.
finanCIal fundamentals so they can
confidently and effectively assist our clients; - Primerica Online (“POL”), which iS our secure
- reducing the administrative burden on our Intranet webS'te des'gned to be a quport
. system for our sales force. POL prowdes
sales force, which allows them to devote . . .
. . . . sales representatives With acceSS to their
more of their time to building a sales . . . .
. . . . Primerica e—mail, bulletins and alerts,
organization and selling products, and . .
buSIness tracking and management tools,
- creating a culture in which saleS pre—licensing study materials and exam
representatives are encouraged to achieve registration, product—Specific training, sales
goals through the recognition of their sales procedures and tools, point—of—sale
and recruiting achievements, as well as application tools, forms and brochures,
those of their sales organizations. contact lists, and real—time updates on their
We conduct numerous local, regional and pendfng I'fe {n.surance apphcat'.ons and new
. . . . recruits. Additionally, POL prowdes acceSS
national meetings to help inform and motivate . . . . .
to internal training programs including
our sales force. In June 2017, we are scheduled . . . .
. . . . . online exam Simulators and Videos covering
to hold our biennial international convention . .
. . . . sales, management Skills, busmess
and aSSOCIated meetings at the Indianapolis . .
. . . . ownership, products and compliance. We
Convention Center and Lucas Oil Stadium in . .
. . . . also use POL to prowde real—time
Indianapolis, Indiana. In preVIouS years, tens of . . . ,
. recognition of sales representatives
thousands of our new recruits and sales
. . successes and scoreboards for sales force
representatives have attended our conventions . . . .
. . . production, contests and trips. In addition,
and aSSOCIated meetings at their own expense, . .
. . . POL is a gateway to our product prowders
which we believe further demonstrates their .
. . . . . and product support. Subscribers generally
commitment to our organization and miSSion. .
pay a small monthly fee to subscribe to POL,
Licensing Support and Training. Our sales which helps cover the cost of maintaining
representatives must hold licenses to sell most this support system. A limited version of
of our product offerings. Our in—house life POL that provides acceSS to Primerica
insurance licensing program offers a significant e—mail, compliance and compensation
number of classroom, online and self—study life information, newsletters and bulletins is
insurance pre—licensing courses to meet available at no cost.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 9