(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 14 i)
(14) Share—Based Transactions tingle—based vesting requirements with equal
an annua ra e vestin over
The Company has OUtStanding eqlflity awards approximategly three years9 subsequent to
under its-Omnibus Incentive Plan ( DIP ). The the grant date, but also provide for SUCh
OIP prowdes for the Issuance of eqUIty awards, awards to vest upon voluntary termihation
including stock options, stock appreciation of employment by any employee Who iS
rights, restricted stock, deferred stock, RSUs, "retirement eligible" as of hiS or her
PSUsaunIrestCii'ijctEed stoctlf, as Eve” :5 casth‘based termination date. In order to be retirement
awar 5' n a ' '0” 0 'me‘ ase ves "‘9 eli ible, an em lo ee must be at least 55
requirements, awards granted under the OIP yegrs oid and his gr her age plus years of
also may be subject to specified performance Service With the Company must equal at
critefia' Since 2010' the Company has i§sued least 75. The "retirement eligible” provision
eqUIty awards to our management (officers and i5 expected to be included in a” future
other key employees), non—employees who serve management grants.
on our Board of Directors ("directors"), and sales . . . . .
force leaders under the OIP. As of December 31, ' Beglnn'ng in 2014: d'reCtOTS rece'Vnd RSUS
2016, we had approximately 0.9 million shares tnat naVe “me—based Ves’nng requirements
available for future grants under this plan. W'tn equal and annual gradEd Ves'f'ng OVe"
. four quarters subsequent to the grant date.
Employee “Pd D‘reCtor Share'Based These awards contain post—vesting sale
gompens‘g‘gn' t’Al‘cS OgDeCEgL‘Jbelrag’llJ' 2013' the restrictions until the director no longer
ompany a O” 5 an m9 5' 5' an serves on our Board.
stock options issued to our management . . . .
(officers and other key employees), as well as ' In addltlon, certaln dlreCt0r§ Elected to .
RSUs issued to our directors, under the OIP. defer the” casn and/0r eqU'ty re’ca'ners Into
, deferred RSUs, which vest immediately or, if
Resmded StOCk and RSUS' applicable, on the dates the RSUs would
- Prior to 2014, management of the naVe Vested-
Company's US based SUbs'd'ar'es rece'ved All of our outstanding management and director
reStr'CtedIStOCk and managemént Of the RSU awards are eligible for dividend equivalents
Company 5 Canadian subsidiaries received regardless of Vesting Status.
RSUs. These awards have time—based . . .
vesting requirements with equal and annual In C0nneCt'0n W'tn OUT grant'ng 0f management
graded vesting over approximately three and director restricted StOCk and awards, W€
years subsequent to the grant date. 1relclognized expense and tax benefit offsets as
o ows:
- Beginning in 2014, management (regardless
of geography) received RSUs that have
7 Year ended December 31, r
r n 2016 2015 2014 :
7 (In thousands) 7
Total management and director restricted stock and RSUs $11,067 $13,839 $15,726
Tax benefit associated with total management and director restricted
stock and RSU award expense 3,715 4,668 5,322
134 Freedom Lives Here“