(ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. :)
ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Liquidity and Capital Resources — Contractual
. . . Obligations.”
We lease all of our office, warehouse, printing,
and distribution properties. Our executive and
home office operations for substantially all of ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
our domestic US. operations (except New York) . . . .
. . . . . We are involved from time to time In legal
are located In Duluth, Georgia, in a bUIld—to—suit . . . . . .
. . . . . . disputes, regulatory inqumes and arbitration
faCIlity completed in 2013. The initial lease term . . f .
for the facility is 15 years proceedings in the normal course 0 busmess.
' Additional information regarding certain legal
We also lease continuation of business, print/ proceedings to which we are a party is described
distribution, and warehouse space in or around under "Contingent Liabilities” in Note 16
Duluth, Georgia, under leases expiring in (Commitments and Contingent Liabilities) to our
February 2018, June 2018 and June 2023, consolidated financial statements included
respectively. elsewhere in this report, and such information is
NBLIC subleases general office space in Long Incorporated herem by referénce‘ AS Of the date
. . . of this report, we do not believe any pending
Island City, New York, under a sublease expiring . . . . f.
in March 2020 legal proceeding to which Primerica or any 0 its
’ subSIdiaries is a party is required to be disclosed
In Canada, we lease general office space in pursuant to this item.
Mississauga, Ontario, under a lease expiring in
April 2018 and warehouse and printing
operation space in Mississauga, Ontario, under a ITEM 4' MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES
separate lease also expiring in April 2018. Not appncabm.
Each of these leased properties is used by both
0“ OKIBifCerafgng segments; VgiIh Ihe excgpbﬁon 01‘ ITEM x. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
ﬁtment".ASGSZRI‘ES'SVEIIZu'ité‘iégrieemy CERTAIN SIGNIFICANT EMPLOYEES 0F
' THE REGISTRANT
We believe that our existing facilities in the US. . o .
and Canada are adequate for our current Our executive officers are elected or appomted
requirements and for our operations in the by our Board Of D'reCtors'
foreseeable future. The name, age at February 27, 2017, and
For additional details on our operating leases, pos'tlon ,Of ,eeldq Of our exeCUt'Ve Ofﬁcers and
see "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of certa'n S'gn'f'cant employee? are presented
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — below' These Ofﬁcers Compr'se our sen'or
management team.
:Name Age Position :
Glenn J. Williams 57 Chief Executive Officer
William A. Kelly 61 President of PFS Investments
Gregory C. Pitts 54 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Alison S. Rand 49 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Peter W. Schneider 60 President
Michael C. Adams 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Business Technology Officer
Chess E. Britt 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer
Jeffrey S. Fendler 60 Executive Vice President and Chief Compliance and Risk Officer
Alexis P. Ginn 69 Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 51