(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
statutory capital requirements, we may need to reinsurers. The creditworthiness of our reinsurers
take action to maintain current ratings and may change before we can recover amounts to
capital adequacy ratios, which could have a which we are entitled. Any such failure to pay by
material adverse effect on our business, financial our reinsurers could have a material adverse
condition and results of operations. effect on our business, financial condition and
, , , . , results of operations.
In addition to finanCIal strength ratings of our
insurance subsidiaries, the Parent Company We also have in place coinsurance agreements
currently has investment grade credit ratings that we originally entered into at the time of our
from Standard St Poor’s, Moody’s, and AM. Best IPO, pursuant to which we ceded between 80%
for its Senior Notes. These ratings are indicators and 90% Of the risks and rewards Of our term life
of a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of insurance policies that were in force at year—end
debt obligations and are important factors in its 2009. Under this arrangement, our eXisting
ability to access liquidity in the debt markets. A reinsurance agreements remain in place. Each
rating downgrade by a rating agency can occur coinsurer entered into trust agreements with our
at any time if the rating agency perceives an respective insurance subsidiaries and a trustee
adverse change in our financial condition, results pursuant to which the coinsurer placed assets
of operations or ability to service debt. If such a (primarily treasury and fixed-income securities) in
downgrade occurs, it could have a material trust for such subsidiary’s benefit to secure the
adverse effect on our financial condition and coinsurer’s obligations to such subsidiary. Each
results of operations in many ways, including such coinsurance agreement requires each
adversely limiting our access to capital in the coinsurer to maintain assets in trust sufficient to
unsecured debt market and potentially give our subsidiary full credit for regulatory
increasing the cost of such debt. purposes for the insurance, which amount Will not
be less than the amount of the reserves for the
coinsured liabilities. Furthermore, our insurance
The failure by any of our reinsurers or subsidiaries have the right to recapture the
reserve ﬁnancing counterparties to business upon occurrence ofan event Of
perform its obligations to us could have a dEfaUIt underthe'r respeCt'Ve go'nsurance .
material adverse effect on our business agreement subject to any applicable cure periods.
. , , , ’ While any such recapture would be at no cost to
ﬁnanc'al cond'tlon and reams Of us, such recapture would result in a substantial
Operations. increase in our insurance exposure and require us
We extensively use reinsurance in the United to be fUHy reiiponSible for the management Of tEe
States to diversify our risk and to manage our assets set as' e to Sypport Statutory reserves“ T e
loss ex osure to mortalit risk. Reinsurance does type Of assets we m'ght O.bta.m as a reSUIt Of a
.p . y . .. b h uid as our current
not relieve us of our direct liability to our lecapture may nOt e.as q .
. . . . invested asset portfolio and could result in an
policyholders, even when the reinsurer is liable . . .
. . unfavorable impact on our risk profile.
to us. We, as the insurer, are required to pay the
full amount of death benefits even in There can be no assurance that the relevant
circumstances where we are entitled to receive coinsurer will pay the coinsurance obligations
payments from the reinsurer. Due to factors such owed to us now or in the future or that it will
as insolvency, adverse underwriting results or pay these obligations on a timely basis. If any of
inadequate investment returns, our reinsurers the coinsurers becomes insolvent, the trust
may not be able to pay the amounts they owe account to support the obligations of such
us on a timely basis or at all. Further, reinsurers coinsurer is insufficient to pay such coinsurer’s
might refuse or fail to pay losses that we cede to obligations to us and we fail to enforce our right
them or might delay payment. Since death to recapture the business, it could have a
benefit claims may be paid long after a policy is material adverse effect on our business, financial
issued, we bear credit risk with respect to our condition and results of operations.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 39