(ITEM 7A. MARKET RISK :)
ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND risk for this portion of our invested asset
QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT portfolio is interest rate risk. One means of
MARKET RISK. assessing the exposure. of our fixed—maturity.
securities portfolios to interest rate changes is a
Market risk is the risk of the loss of fair value duration—based analysis that measures the
resulting from adverse changes in market rates potential changes in market value resulting from
and prices, such as interest rates and foreign a hypothetical change in interest rates of 100
currency exchange rates. Market risk is directly basis points across all maturities. This model is
influenced by the volatility and liquidity in the sometimes referred to as a parallel shift in the
markets in which the related underlying financial yield curve. Under this model, with all other
instruments are traded. Sensitivity analysis factors constant and assuming no offsetting
measures the impact of hypothetical changes in change in the value of our liabilities, we
interest rates, foreign exchange rates and other estimated that such an increase in interest rates
market rates or prices on the profitability of would cause the market value of our fixed—
market—sensitive financial instruments. maturity securities portfolios to decline by
The following discussion about the potential ngrgmmdately $641 m'lllon’ O.t.apptox.'mate'y
effects of changes in interest rates and Canadian 0’ age on our actual securmes pOS'tlons as
. of December 31, 2016.
currency exchange rates is based on shock—tests,
which model the effects of interest rate and If interest rates remain at or near historically low
Canadian exchange rate shifts on our financial levels, we anticipate the average yield of our
condition and reSUltS 0t Operations» Although we fixed—income investment portfolio, and therefore
helleVe ShOCk teStS PrOVlde the mOSt meehlhgtUl the investment income derived from it, would
ehalYSlS Permitted by the tUleS and teQUletiOhS decrease as maturing fixed—income investments
Of the SEC, they are COhSttalhed by $eVerel would be replaced with purchases of lower
factors, including the necessity to conduct the yielding investments,
analysis based on a single point in time and by
their inability to include the extraordinarily canadia" currency RiSk- We also haVe
complex market reactions that normally would exposure to foreign currency eXChahge tlSk to
arise from the market shifts modeled. Although the extent we conduct business in Canada. A
the following results of shock tests for changes strong Canadian dollar relative to the dollar
in interest rates and Canadian currency reSUltS in leVelS or reported reVenUeS,
exchange rates may have some limited use as expenses, net income, assets, liabilities, and
benchmarks, they should not be Viewed as accumulated comprehensive income (loss) in our
forecasts. These disclosures also are selective in US- della" tlhehClal Statements: and a weaker
nature and address, in the case of interest rates, Cehedleh dellet WOUld haVe the OPPOSlte etteCt-
only the potential direct impact on our financial Generally, our cahadleh delta—denominated
instruments and, in the case of Canadian assets are held in support Of our cahadlah
currency exchange rates, the potential dollar—denominated For the year
translation impact on net income from our ended December 31, 16% Of our revenues
Canadian subsidiaries. They do not include a from Operations, eXClUdlhg realized theStmeht
variety of other potential factors that could gains: and 20% 0t income from COhtthlhg
affect our business as a result of these changes Operations before income taxes were generated
in interest rates and Canadian currency by our cahadlah Operations-
exchange rates. 0 . .
ne means of assessmg exposure to changes in
Interest Rate Risk. The fair value of the fixed— Canadian currency exchange rates is to model
maturity securities (excluding the the effects on reported income using a
held—to—maturity security) in our invested asset sensitivity analysis. We analyzed our Canadian
portfolio as of December 31, 2016 was currency exposure for the year ended
approximately $1.8 billion. The primary market December 31, 2016. Net exposure was measured
90 Freedom Lives Here“