(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 6 :)
Nonrecurring fair value measurements. The ceding company. Our reinsurance contracts
estimated fair value of the held—to—maturity generally contain provisions intended to provide
fixed—maturity security, which is classified as a the ceding company with the ability to cede
Level 3 fair value measurement, is derived using future business on a basis consistent with
the credit spread on similarly rated debt historical terms. However, either party may
securities and the hypothetical spread of the terminate any of the contracts with respect to
security’s credit enhancement feature. Policy the future business upon appropriate notice to
loans, which are categorized as Level 3 fair value the other party. Generally, the reinsurance
measurements, are carried at the unpaid contracts do not limit the overall amount of the
principal balances. The fair value of policy loans loss that can be incurred by the reinsurer.
appmxlmate the unpa'd Prmclpal balances as Our policy is to limit the amount of life insurance
the timing of repayment is uncertain and the . .
. retained on the life of any one person to
loans are collateralized by the amount of the . . . . .
. . . 0 $1 million. To limit our exposure With any one
policy. The depOSIt asset underlying the 101) . . . .
. reinsurer, we monitor the concentration of credit
Comsurance Agreement represents the value of . . . .
. risk we have With our reinsurance counterparties,
the assets necessary to back the economic . . . . . .
. . as well as their finanCIal condition. No credit
reserves held in support of the reinsurance . .
. . . losses related to our reinsurance counterparties
agreement. The carrying value of this depOSIt . .
. . . . have been experienced by the Company during
asset apprOXImates fair value, which is .
. . . . the three—year period ended December 31, 2016.
categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy.
Notes payable represent our publicly—traded Due from reinsurers represents ceded policy
senior notes and are valued as a Level 2 fair reserve balances and ceded claim liabilities. The
value measurement using the quoted market amounts of ceded claim liabilities included in
price for our notes. The estimated fair value of due from reinsurers that we paid and which are
the Surplus Note is derived by using an assumed recoverable from those reinsurers were
credit spread we would expect if Vidalia Re was $30.0 million and $25.5 million as of
a credit—rated entity and the hypothetical spread December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
of the Surplus Note’s subordinated structure. Benefits and claims ceded to reinsurers for 2016,
The Surplus Note is classified as a Level 3 fair 2015, and 2014 were $1,205.6 million,
value measurement. $1,178.6 million, and $1,191.9 million,
The carrying amounts for cash and cash reSpeCtlvely'
equivalents, receivables, accrued investment In connection with our corporate reorganization
income, accounts payable, cash collateral and that included an initial public offering ("IPO") of
payables for security transactions approximate our common stock by Citigroup, Inc.
their fair values due to the short—term nature of (“Citigroup”), Primerica Life, Primerica Life
these instruments. Consequently, such Canada and NBLIC entered into significant
instruments are not included in the above table. coinsurance transactions (the "IPO coinsurance
agreements") on March 30, 2010 with three
6 R . insurance companies then affiliated with
( ) emsurance Citigroup (collectively, the "IPO coinsurers").
We use reinsurance extensively, which has a under the IPO eelnsurenee agreemenlsl we
significant effect on our results of operations. ceded between 80% end 90% 0f the rl5l<5 end
Reinsurance arrangements do not relieve us of reWardS Of our term We Insurance Pel'C'eS m
our primary obligation to the policyholder. Our force at year“end 2009. Because these
reinsurance contracts typically do not have a agreements: were Part Of 3. PUS'neSS
fixed term. In general, the reinsurers’ ability to reorgamzatlenemeng ent't'es under common.
terminate coverage for existing cessions is COHtFOlI they d'dﬁet generate any deferred gal“
limited to such circumstances as material breach er less Upon the” exeCUtlen- concurreet W'th
of contract or nonpayment of premiums by the Slgn'ng these agreementS, we tranSferred the
122 Freedom Lives Here“