(ITEM 7. MD8iA :)
- Commissions and fees. Consists primarily - Sales commissions. Represents
of dealer re—allowances earned on the sales commissions to our sales representatives in
of investment and savings products, trail connection with the sale of investment and
commissions and mana ement fees based savin s roducts and roducts other than
9 9 P P
on the asset values of client accounts, insurance products.
marketing and support fees from product
. . . . - Insurance expenses. Reflects
originators, custodial fees for serwces non_ca itaiized insurance ex enses
rendered in our capadty as nominee on includin3 staff com ensationptechnlolo
client retirement accounts funded by mutual d g . . p . ’ i fgy
funds on our servicing platform an communications, insurance sa es orce—
recordkeeping fees for mutual funds on our re.lat.ed c.05ts’ p.rmt'ng’ postage and .
. . . . distribution of insurance sales materials,
sewicmg platform and fees assoaated With . . .
the sale of other distributed products OUtsourcmg .anq professlonal .fe.es’ Prem'um
' taxes, amortization of our definite—lived
- Net investment income. Represents intangible asset and other corporate and
income, net of investment—related expenses, administrative fees and expenses related to
generated by our invested asset portfolio, our insurance operations. Insurance
which consists primarily of interest income expenses also include both indirect policy
earned on fixed—maturity investments. issuance costs and costs associated with
Investment income recorded on our unsuccessful efforts to acquire new policies.
held—to—maturity invested asset and the . .
. . - Insurance commissions. Reflects sales
offsetting interest expense recorded for our . . . .
. . . commi55ions in respect of insurance
surplus note are included in net investment . .
income. products that are not eligible for deferral.
- Realized investment gains (losses), including . Intere“ eXpense' Reﬂect? 'ntereSt on our
OTTI Primarily reflects the difference : nOteS.payable’ the flnanc'pg Charge? related
betw'een amortized cost and amounts to an issued letter of credit, fees paid for the
. . credit enhancement feature on our
realized on the sale of invested assets, as . .
we” as OTTI Charges held—to—maturity invested asset, and a
' finance charge incurred pursuant to one of
- Other, net. Reflects revenues generated our coinsurance agreements with an IPO
primarily from the fees charged for access coinsurer.
to our prOpnetary sales force SUpport - Other operating expenses. Consists
system, as well as revenues from the sale of . .
other miscellaneous items primarily of expenses that are unrelated to
' the distribution of insurance products,
Benefits and Expenses. Our operating including staff compensation, technology
expenses consist of the following: and communications, various sales force—
- Benefits and claims. Reflects the benefits {flatébd c.05ts’ fpr'Ttmg’ postage and .
and claims payable on insurance policies as St“ Utlonp 5a es mater'a Oytsourcmg
well as changes in our reserves for future and. Profgsslopal fee?” amort'zatlon Of our
. . . definite—lived intangible asset and other
policy claims and reserves for other benefits . . .
a able net of reinsurance corporate and administrative fees and
p y ’ ’ expenses.
- Amortization of DAC. Represents the .
. . . . . Insurance expenses and other operating
amortization of capitalized costs directly . . .f
associated with the sale of an insurance expenses directly attributable to the Term Ll e
. . . Insurance and the Investment and Savmgs
policy or segregated fund, including sales .
commissions medical examination and Products segments are recorded directly to the
’ . . . . applicable segment. We allocate certain other
other underwriting costs, and other eligible .
policy issuance costs. revenue and operating expenses that are not
70 Freedom Lives Here“