(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
of mortgage— and asset—backed securities, there subsidiaries are prepared in accordance with
is added uncertainty as to the performance of statutory accounting principles prescribed or
the underlying collateral assets. To the extent permitted by state insurance departments and
that we are incorrect in our determination of the the NAIC. Statutory accounting principles,
fair value of our investment securities or our including actuarial methodologies for estimating
determination that a decline in their value is reserves, are subject to continuous evaluation by
other—than—temporary, we may realize losses the NAIC and state insurance departments. For
that never actually materialize or may fail to example, the implementation of principle—based
recognize losses within the appropriate reserving standards for benefit reserves has
reporting period. been adopted by most state insurance
departments effective in 2017, but has not yet
Changes in accounting standards can be been adopted by MaseaChusetts or New York'
. . . where two of our US. insurance subSIdiaries are
d'ﬁ'wlt to pred'd and COUId adversely domiciled. Similarly, our Canadian life insurance
'mpaCt hOW we record and report our subsidiary is required to prepare statutory
ﬁnancial condition and results Of financial statements in accordance with IFRS, as
operations, prescribed by the Office of the Superintendent
. . . of Financial Institutions in Canada, which are
fur accountlmg Eehe'es and metheds are subject to future changes. The statutory financial
of
. I d p It I” ‘ ’ subsidiaries, which are used to determine
Séﬁp ij'ﬂws t? leve ve an. ’ as adresu ’ WI dividend capacity and risk—based capital, could
ge e mane'a aeeeuneng an. repertmg be adversely affected by future changes
Slandtrds that govern the preparat'en Of our implemented byjurisdictional insurance
f'naneiai Statemjrlts- These Chagges can behﬁrd departments. Therefore, the ability of our
ice ant'e'pate an Imp ement an can “Tate”? y insurance companies to comply with regulatory
'mPaF’F how we record and rep?” our f'nane'al minimum capital requirements and ultimately
condition and results .of operations. For example, pay dividends to the Parent Company could be
the FinanCIal Accounting Standards Board 5 adversely impacted
("FASB") recently published an exposure draft '
that proposes significant changes in the
meth9d0'09y for measuring ,f‘fture po'icy The effects of economic down cycles in the
benefits and deferred acqui5ition costs on our United States and Canada could materially
consolidated balance sheets as well as the . . .
timing of when we recognize the impact from adversely affect our busmessr f'_nanC'al
changes in insurance contract assumptions in COHdIUOn and VESUItS Of Operations.
our Statemeft of Income al‘d Statement Of other Our business, financial condition and results of
comprehenslve Income The. Prepesed operations have been materially adversely
tccoul‘tm Stalidard' m add't'en to Other affected by economic downturns in the United
f'l‘anc'a' repertmg Standard Changes bemg States and Canada. Economic downturns, which
dlseussed .by the FASB and the SE9 COU'Q. are often characterized by higher
adversely Impact both our finanCIal condition unemployment, lower family income, lower
and few”? Of Operat'ens as reported on a US valuation of retirement savings accounts, lower
GAAP bas's’ corporate earnings, lower business investment
Additionally, the Company’s insurance company and lower consumer spending, have adversely
subsidiaries prepare statutory financial affected the demand for the term life insurance,
statements in accordance with accounting investment and savings and other financial
principles designated by regulators in the products that we sell. Future economic down
jurisdictions in which they are domiciled. The cycles could adversely affect new sales and
financial statements of our US. insurance cause clients to liquidate mutual funds and other
44 Freedom Lives Here“