(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
- our in—house broadcasts, which are plan, helps our clients understand their
delivered by Intranet—streaming video. We financial needs in the areas of debt, financial
create original broadcasts and videos that protection, and savings as well as introduces
enable senior management to update our prudent financial concepts, such as regular
sales force and provide training and saving and accelerating the repayment of
motivational presentations. We broadcast high cost credit card debt to help them
live programs hosted by home office reach their financial goals. The FNA provides
management and selected RVPs that focus clients with a snapshot of their current
on new developments and provide financial position and identifies their life
motivational messages to our sales force. insurance, savings and debt resolution
We also broadcast a training—oriented needs.
Emgram to ou.r sales force on a weekly - Our Point—of—Sale Application Tool: Our
am and profile successful sales . .
. . . . . pomt—of—sale technology, TurboApps, IS an
representatives, allowmg these indIVIduals . H d I d t th t
to educate and train other sales mtema .y eve Ope .Sys. em a
. . . streamlines the application process for our
representatives by Sharing their methods for . . . .
success. insurance products. This application
populates client information from the FNA
- our publications department, which to eliminate redundant data collection and
produces materials to support, motivate and provides real—time feedback to eliminate
inform our sales force. We sell recruiting incomplete and illegible applications.
materials, sales brochures, business cards Integrated with our paperless field office
and stationery and provide total management system described below, and
communications services, including web with our home office systems, TurboApps
design, print presentations, graphic design allows our RVPs and us to realize the
and script writing. We also produce a efficiencies of straight—through—processing
weekly mailing that includes materials of application data and other information
promoting our current incentives, as well as collected on our sales representatives’
the latest news about our product offerings. mobile devices, which results in expedited
processing of our life insurance product
sales. In addition, we levera e similar
sales Force support and TOO/5 technology as TurboApps wgith our
Our information systems and technology are inVeStment Partners to Process mUtual fund
designed to support a sales and distribution and annUity PVOdUCt sales-
mOdel that rel'es 0” é large group Of . - Virtual Base Shop: In an effort to ease the
predommantly Part—“m? sales representajuves administrative burden on RVPs and simplify
and aSSist them in bUIlding their own busmesses. sales force Operations, we make available to
We prOVIde our sales representatives With sales RVPS a secure Intranet_based paperless ﬁeld
tools that allow both new andexperienced sales Ofﬁce management System as part of the
representatives to offer finanCIal information and POL subscription. This Virtual Ofﬁce is
products to their clients. The most Significant of designed to automate the RVPIS
these tOOIS are: administrative responsibilities and can be
- Our Financial Needs Analysis: Our FNA is a accessed by SUbSCflbing sales
proprietary, needs—based analysis tooI. The representatives in an RVPIS immediate sales
gives our saIes representatives the organization, we FGfer to as or her
ability to collect and synthesize client base $h0P~
f'nanc',al data and. develop? f'nénc'al - Primerica Mobile Application ("Primerica
analySIS for the client that is eaSIIy . . App”): The Primerica App is a cross_
understood. The FNA, while not a finanCIal platform companion application to POL that
10 Freedom Lives Here“