(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
life insurance does not compete with We use three operating segments to organize,
mutual funds because term life has no cash evaluate and manage our business: Term Life
value or investment element. Insurance, Investment and Savings Products, and
. 0 Corporate and Other Distributed Products. See
- Ongomg needs based. Products are ,, , . . .
. . . . Management s Discu55ion and AnalySIS of
deSIgned to meet the ongomg finanCIal . . . . .
. . FinanCIal Condition and Results of Operations —
needs of many middle—income consumers. . ,,
. Results of Operations and Note 3 (Segment and
This long—term approach bolsters our . . .
. . . . . Geographical Information) to our consolidated
relationship With our clients by allowmg us . . . . .
. . . . finanCIal statements included elsewhere in this
to continue to serve them as their finanCIal . . . . . .
report for certain finanCIal information regarding
needs evolve. . .
our operating segments and the geographic
- Easily understood and sold: Products must areas in which we operate.
be appropr'ate fOI d'Str'bUtlon by .Our.5a|e5 The following table provides information on our
force, which requires that the application . . . . .
. prinCIpal product offerings and the prinCIpal
and approval process must be Simple to .
. . . sources thereof by operating segment as of
understand and explain, and the likelihood
. . . December 31, 2016.
of approval must be suffICIently high to
justify the investment of time by our sales
representatives.
Principal Sources of Products
Operating Segment Principal Product Offerings (Applicable Geogrfaphic Territory)
Term Life Insurance Term Life Insurance Primerica Life (U.S. (except New York), the
District of Columbia and certain territories)
NBLIC (New York)
Primerica Life Canada (Canada)
Investment and Savings Mutual Funds and American Century Investments (US)
Products Certain Retirement Plans American Funds (U.S.)
AXA Distributors, LLC (U.S.)
Franklin Templeton (U.S.)
VOYA Financial, Inc. (US)
Invesco (U.S.)
Legg Mason Global Asset Management (U.S.)
Pioneer Investments (U.S.)
AGF Investments (Canada)
PFSL Funds Management Ltd. (Canada)
Mackenzie Investments (Canada)
Fidelity Investments (Canada)
Managed Investments Lockwood AdvisorS and PFS Investments (U.S.)
Variable Annuities American General Life Insurance Company and
its affiliates (U.S.)
AXA Distributors, LLC (U.S.)
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and
its affiliates (U.S.)
MetLife Investors and its affiliates (U.S.)
Fixed Indexed Annuities American General Life Insurance Company and
its affiliates (U.S.)
Lincoln National Life Insurance Company and
its affiliates (U.S.)
Universal Life Insurance Company (Puerto Rico)
Fixed Annuities MetLife Investors USA Life Insurance Company
and its affiliates (U.S.)
Universal Life Insurance Company (Puerto Rico)
SegEgated Funds Primerica Life Canada (Canada)
14 Freedom Lives Here“