(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
requirements or may result in higher costs, with certainty the effect any proposed or future
which could materially adversely affect our legislation or regulatory initiatives may have on
business, financial condition and results of the conduct of our business.
operations. If OSFI determines that our
corporate actions do not comply with applicable
Canadian law, Primerica Life Canada could face A decline in the regulatory capital ratios of
sanctions or fines, and Primerica Life Canada our insurance subsidiaries could result in
COU'Cl be SU'OJeCt to '“Crea5?d cap'ta' increased scrutiny by insurance regulators
requirements or other requirements deemed and ratings agencies and have a material
appropriate by OSFI. . . .
. . . adverse effect on our busmess, finanCial
We received approval from the Minister of condition and results of Operations_
Finance (Canada) under the Insurance
Companies Act (Canada) in connection with our Each Of our US. insurance subsidiaries is subject
indirect acquisition of Primerica Life Canada. The to RBC Standards (imposed Uhder the Laws Of itS
Minister expects that a person controlling a respective jurisdiction Of domicile). The RBC
federal insurance company will provide ongoing formula for US. life insurance companies
financial, managerial or operational support to generally establishes capital requirements
its subsidiary should such support prove relating to asset, insurance, interest rate and
necessary, and has required us to sign a support business risks. Our US insurance subsidiaries are
principle letter to that effect. This ongoing required to report their results Of RBC
support may take the form of additional capital, calculations annually to the applicable state
the provision of managerial expertise or the department of insurance and the NAIC. Our
provision of support in such areas as risk Canadian life insurance subsidiary is subject to
management, internal control systems and minimum continuing capital and surplus
training. However, the letter does not create a reqUirementS ("MCCSR"). and Tier 1 capital ratio
legal obligation on the part of the person to requirements, and is required to provide its
provide the support, In the event that OSFI MCCSR and Tier 1 capital ratio calculations to
determines Primerica Life Canada is not the Canadian regulators. The capitalization of
receiving adequate support from the Parent our insurance subsidiaries is maintained at levels
Company under applicable Canadian law, in excess Of the effective minimum requirements
Primerica Life Canada may be subject to of the NAIC in the United States and OSFI in
increased capital requirements or other Canada. In any particular year, statutory capital
requirements deemed appropriate by OSFI. and surplus amounts and RBC and MCCSR ratios
, may increase or decrease depending on a variety
If there were to be exﬂaord'nary Changes to of factors, including the amount of statutory
Statutory or regulatory requ'rements m the income or losses generated by our insurance
umted States 9r canad‘?’ W? may be gnable to subsidiaries, the amount of additional capital our
fuuy comply mm or mamtam a” requ'red insurance subsidiaries must hold to support
'nsuraiise “censes and approvals‘ Regulatory business growth, changes in their reserve
authorities have relativelybroad discretion to requirements, the value of securities in their
grant' renew and reVOke Ilcénsg and approvals“ investment portfolios, the credit ratings of
If we do not have a” requlslte |.'Censes.and investments held in their portfolios, changes in
approvals” or do not comply W'th appl'cable interest rates, credit market volatility, changes in
Statutory and i999'9t0iy requ'rements' the consumer behavior, as well as changes to the
regulatory author't'es could preclude or NAIC’s RBC formula or the MCCSR calculation of
temporanly tus’pend us frgtn. “WW9 on some OSFI. Many of these factors are outside of our
or all of our insurance actIVIties or impose fines control.
or penalties on us, which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition Our financial strength and credit ratings are
and results of operations. We cannot predict significantly influenced by the statutory surplus
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 37