Investors are cautioned that certain statements which could require us to modify our
contained in this report as well as some distribution structure;
statements in periodic press releases and some . .
. . . - there may be adverse tax, legal or finanCIal
oral statements made by our offICIals during our . .
. ,, . ,, consequences if the independent contractor
presentations are fonNard—looking statements. . .
. . . status of our sales representatives is
Forward—looking statements include, Without ,
. . . . overturned,
limitation, any statement that may proiect,
indicate or imply future results, events, - the Company’s or its independent sales
performance or achievements, and may contain representatives’ violation of, or
the words "expect", “intend”, "plan", "anticipate", non—compliance with, laws and regulations
"estimate", “believe”, "will be”, "will continue”, and related claims and proceedings could
"will likely result”, and similar expressions, or expose us to material liabilities;
tuwre Cfrld'tlonil verb? such is may}. WI” ’ - any failure to protect the confidentiality of
should , would , and could. In addition, any . . .
. . . client information could adversely affect our
statement concerning future finanCIal . .
. . reputation and have a material adverse
performance (including future revenues, . . . . .
. . . effect on our busmess, finanCIal condition
earnings or growth rates), ongomg busmess . .
. . . and results of operations,
strategies or prospects, and pOSSIble actions
taken by us or our subsidiaries are also fonNard— - we may face significant losses if our actual
looking statements. These forward—looking experience differs from our expectations
statements involve external risks and regarding mortality or persistency;
uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those .
. . . ,, . - the occurrence of a catastrophic event could
described under the section entitled Risk . .
,, . . materially adversely affect our busmess,
Factors included herein. . . . . . .
finanCIal condition and results of operations,
Forward—looking statements are based on . . . .
. . . - our insurance busmess is highly regulated,
current expectations and proiections about
. . and statutory and regulatory changes may
future events and are inherently subject to a . .
. . . . . materially adversely affect our busmess,
variety of risks and uncertainties, many of which . . . . . .
finanCIal condition and results of operations,
are beyond the control of our management
team. All fonNard—looking statements in this - a decline in the regulatory capital ratios of
report and subsequent written and oral fonNard— our insurance subsidiaries could result in
looking statements attributable to us, or to increased scrutiny by insurance regulators
persons acting on our behalf, are expressly and ratings agencies and have a material
qualified in their entirety by these risks and adverse effect on our business, financial
uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties condition and results of operations;
'nCIUde’ among Others; - a significant ratings downgrade by a ratings
- our failure to continue to attract new organization could materially adversely
recruits, retain sales representatives or affect our business, financial condition and
license or maintain the licensing of our sales results of operations;
representatives would materially adversely . .
. . . . . - the failure by any of our reinsurers or
affect our busmess, finanCIal condition and . . .
. . reserve financmg counterparties to perform
results of operations, . . . .
its obligations to us could have a material
- there are a number of laws and regulations adverse effect on our business, financial
that could apply to our distribution model, condition and results of operations;
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 1