(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
U.S. broker—dealer subsidiary, which we have impairment status of individual securities,
classified as trading securities. We also hold a including issuer—specific risks as well as relevant
credit—enhanced note, which we classified as a macroeconomic risks.
:Slietﬁégfott:gtzuiﬁﬁgtgoizaivgﬁiEZZeuda:Torihcipal For available—for—salesecurities in an unrealized
amount as part of a redundant reserve financing :Sosrgfiiizlanthgityg lgéegiifrgjligggfggore
transaction. All of these securities are carried at fair the expected recovery of the amortized cost
valtte’ .except for the held—tomatunty sequnty’ . basis, we recognize an impairment charge for
Wh'ch IS camed atamomzed cost Unfta'FEd gams the difference between amortized cost and fair
and losses on available—for—sale securities, except I I. d . t t I .n
for other—than—tem ora im airments ("OTTI") va ue as a tea '.Ze mves men .055' our
discussed below art; inch/meg as a separate statements of income. For available—tor—sale
component of other comprehensive income in our ﬁxefjmatur‘ty Securities in an aneal'zed loss
statements of comprehensive income. Changes in gig/22;: ¥?;C:O\;V?h::\e/iinkgl lqihghtESﬂIhZQd
fair value of trading securities are included in net .“ b . d t H b r y th t d
investment income in the accompanying we W e geﬁu're 0.5ed e of .e extieféhe
consolidated statements of income in the period in recovery 0 t e amortlze. Cgst am" on y e
which the Chan e occurred. amount related to the prinCIpal cash flows not
9 expected to be received over the remaining term
Fair value. Fair Value is the price that WOUId be of the security, or the credit IOSS Component, of
recelVed Upon the sale 0t ah asset in ah orderly the difference between cost and fair value is
trahsaCthh between market ParthiPahtS at the recognized as a realized investment loss in our
measurement date. Fair value measurements are statements of income, Wni|e the remainder is
based upon ObserVah'e and UhOhserVable recognized in other comprehensive income in
inputs. Observable inputs reflect market data our statements of comprehensive income.
obtained from independent sources, while ,
unobservable inputs reflect our view of market OT,“ analyses that We perform 'hvoh’e. the use Of
assumptions in the absence of Observable estimates, assumptions, and subjectIVIty. If these
market information. We classify and disclose all factor? or fuwre évents Change' We COP'd ,
invested assets carried at fair value in one of the exper'ence mater'al OTTI 'n,futur,e Per'Oqul Wh'Ch
three fair value measurement categories could adversely affect our finanCIal condition,
prescribed by US. GAAP. results of operations an? the Size and quality of
As of each reporting period, we classify all our mvésted aésets port 0 IO. .
invested assets in their entirety based on the For add't'Oha' 'htormat'oh 9“ our 'hV?5ted .
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair assets: see NOte 1 (DGSCF'PtIOh 0t EUS'hESSI 3355
value measurement. Significant levels of Of Presehtat'Oht hhd summary 0t Slghlhcaht
estimation and judgment are required to Accounting Polioes), Note 4 (Investments) and
determine the fair value of certain of out Note 5 (Fair Value of Financial Instruments) to
investments. The factors inﬂuencing these our consolidated financial statements included
estimations and judgments are subject to ElseWhere in this report-
change in subsequent reporting periods.
OTTI. The determination of whether a decline Results of Operations
in fair value of available—for—sale securities below .
. . . Revenues. Our revenues con5ist of the
amortized cost is other—than—temporary is fOIIOWih .
subjective. Furthermore, this determination can 9'
involve a variety of assumptions and estimates, - Net premiums. Reflects direct premiums
particularly for invested assets that are not payable by our policyholders on our
actively traded in established markets. We in—force insurance policies, primarily term
evaluate a number of quantitative and life insurance, net of reinsurance premiums
qualitative factors when determining the that we pay to reinsurers.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 69