(ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES :)
things, create or incur any indebtedness that is these coinsurance agreements, we have capital
secured by a lien on the capital stock of certain maintenance agreements with both Peach Re
of our subsidiaries, and merge, consolidate or and Vidalia Re. Each capital maintenance
sell all or substantially all of our properties and agreement requires us at times to make capital
assets. contributions to Peach Re and Vidalia Re to
insure that their regulatory accounts, as defined
We were in compliance with the covenants of in the coinsurance agreements with Primerica
the Senior Notes at December 31, 2016. No Life will not be less than $20.0 million for each
events of default(s) occurred on the Senior financial captive insurance company. For Peach
Notes during the year ended December 31, Re, the regulatory account will only be used to
2016. satisfy obligations under its coinsurance
agreement after all other available assets have
. . been used, including a letter of credit issued by
(D) D'V'dends Deutsche Bank for the benefit of Primerica Life.
For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, For Vidalia Re: the re9U|at0ry account Will only
and 2014, the Company received dividends from be used to satiSfy Obligations under its
our non_|ife insurance subsidiaries of coinsurance agreement after all other available
approximately $72.5 million, $86.5 million, and assets haVe bee“ used inelUding its
$71.3 million, respectively. For the years ended he'd‘te‘maturity security Ultimately guaranteed
December 31, 2016, 2015, and 2014, the by Hannever Lii‘e Reassurance Company of
Company received dividends from our life America-
insurance subsidiaries of approximately
$117.0 million, $62.6 million, and $248.4 million, The Company is involved from time to time in
respectiveiy. legal disputes, regulatory inquiries and
arbitration proceedings in the normal course of
. . business. These disputes are subject to
(E) commltments and Contlngent uncertainties, including large and/or
Liabilities indeterminate amounts sought in certain of
Peach Re and Vidalia Re have each entered into thei’? matters and the inherent unpredictability
. . . . of litigation. As such, the Company is unable to
separate comsurance agreements With Prlmerlca . h .bl I H th t
Life whereby Primerica Life has ceded certain esumatet e pOSS' e 055 or range O 055 a
level— remium term life insurance o|icies to may mm” from these matters“
P P
Peach Re and Vidalia Re. In conjunction with
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 165