(ITEM 7. MD&A :)
share from 2014 to 2015 contributed to a higher reserves for term life insurance policies with
amount of cash used in financing activities. long—term premium guarantees which are often
Risk_Based Capital ("RBC"). The National Significantly In excess of the future policy benefit
. . . . ,, ,, reserves that insurers deem necessary to satisfy
Assooation of Insurance Commi55ioners( NAIC ) Claim 0in ations ("redundant Olic beneﬁt
has established RBC standards for US. life ,, g . .p y
. . . reserves ). Accordingly, many Insurance
Insurers, as well as a risk—based capital model act com anies have sou ht wa S to reduce their
(the "RBC Model Act”) that has been adopted by .p . g . y .
. . . capital needs by finanCIng redundant policy
the insurance regulatory authorities. The RBC . . .
. . . benefit reserves through bank fInanCIng,
Model Act requires that life Insurers annually . . .
. . reinsurance arrangements and other finanCIng
submit a report to state regulators regarding transactions
their RBC based upon four categories of risk: '
asset risk; insurance risk; interest rate risk and We have established Peach Re, Inc. ("Peach Re”)
business risk. The capital requirement for each is and Vidalia Re as special purpose financial
determined by applying factors that vary based captive insurance companies and wholly owned
upon the degree of risk to various asset, subsidiaries of Primerica Life. Primerica Life has
premiums and policy benefit reserve items. The ceded certain term life policies issued prior to
formula is an early warning tool to identify 2011 to Peach Re as part of a Regulation XXX
possible weakly capitalized companies for redundant reserve financing transaction (the
purposes of initiating further regulatory action. "Peach Re Redundant Reserve Financing
As of December 31, 2016, our US. life insurance Trapsfadlon ) apd has ceded certam term we
. . . . . . pOIICIes Issued In 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014 to
subSIdiarIes had statutory capital substantially in . . .
. . Vidalia Re as part of a Regulation XXX redundant
excess of the applicable statutory requirements . . . ,, . .
. . . reserve financmg transaction (the Vidalia Re
to support eXIsting operations and to fund . . . ,,
. . . , . Redundant Reserve FInanCIng Transaction ).
future growth. Primerica Life 5 RBC ratio . . .
. . . . . These redundant reserve finanCIng transactions
remained well pOSItioned to support eXIsting . .
O erations and fund future rowth allow us to more effICIently manage and deploy
p g ’ our capital. The NAIC has adopted a model
In Canada, an insurer’s minimum capital regulation for determining reserves using a
requirement is overseen by the Office of the principle—based approach ("principle—based
Superintendent of Financial Institutions ("OSFI") reserves” or "PBR”), which is designed to reflect
and determined as the sum of the capital each insurer’s own experience in calculating
requirements for five categories of risk: asset reserves and move away from a standardized
default risk; mortality/morbidity/lapse risks; reserving formula. PBR has been adopted by
changes in interest rate environment risk; almost all state insurance departments effective
segregated funds risk; and foreign exchange risk. in 2017, but has not yet been adopted by
As of December 31, 2016, Primerica Life Canada Massachusetts or New York, where two of our
was in compliance with Canada’s minimum U.S. insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. If
capital requirements as determined by OSFI. adopted, the new principle—based reserve
For more information regarding statutory capital regylatlon W.'” greatly redu.ce the Statutory.
. . . . . policy benefit reserve requirements, but Will only
requirements and dIVidend capaCIties of our . . .
. . . . apply for busmess issued after the effective
Insurance subSIdIaries see Note 15 (Statutory . . .
. . . . . date. We may explore expanding our eXIsting
Accounting and DiVidend Restrictions) to our . . .
. . . . redundant reserve finanCIng transactions or
consolidated finanCIal statements included . . . .
. . . . establishing new transactions for buSIness sold
elsewhere in this report for more information. . . . .
prior to the effective date of any prinCIple—based
Redundant Reserve Financings. The Model reserve regulation. See Note 4 (Investments),
Regulation entitled Valuation of Life Insurance Note 10 (Debt) and Note 16 (Commitments and
Policies, commonly known as Regulation XXX, Contingent Liabilities) to our consolidated
requires insurers to carry statutory policy benefit financial statements included elsewhere in this
86 Freedom Lives Here“