(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
Primerica Life, a Massachusetts domestic insurer, reinsurer increases rates, we have the right to
regularly consults the Social Security immediately recapture the business. Either party
Administration’s Death Master File ("Death may offset any balance due from the other party.
Master File”) in accordance with applicable state For additional information on our reinsurance,
requirements. NBLIC, a New York domestic see Note 1 (Description of Business, Basis of
insurer, regularly consults the Death Master File Presentation, and Summary of Significant
in accordance with New York state insurance Accounting Policies) and Note 6 (Reinsurance) to
requirements. These processes help identify our consolidated financial statements included
potential deceased policyholders for whom elsewhere in this report.
claims have not been presented In the normal Financial Strength Ratings. Ratings with
course of buSIness. If unreported deaths are f. . .
identified Primerica Life and NBLIC attempt to reSpeCF to '“a’FC'a.” Strength are a.n. ImporFént
determine if a valid Claim exists to locate factor In establishing our competitive pOSItion
beneficiaries and to pay benefits accordingly and mamtammg pUth conﬁdgnce In US W9”
Prior to 2011’ the Com an did not use the ' ability to market products. Ratings organizations
Death Maste; File in anp a3, ect of its business review the financial performance and condition
y p ' of most insurers and provide opinions regarding
Reinsurance. We use reinsurance primarily to financial strength, operating performance and
reduce the volatility risk with respect to ability to meet obligations to policyholders. For
mortality. Since 1994, we have reinsured death additional information, see "Management’s
benefits in the United States on a first dollar Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
quota share yearly renewable term ("YRT") basis. and Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital
We pay premiums to each reinsurer based on Resources — Financial Ratings.”
rates in the applicable agreement.
We generally reinsure 90% Of all.term life Investment and Savings Products
insurance policies sold in the United States, . . . , .
excluding coverage under certain riders. For we mum/Ema many m'dfl'e‘mcome famfl'es
policies sold in Canada we now utilize a YRT have Significant unmet retirement and savmgs
reinsurance arrangement similar to our US. needs“ US'n9 our FNA tOOI', our sales ,
program. Prior to 2012 we reinsured a smaller representatives help our clients understand their
proportion of the face amount for policies sold CW9“ ﬁnanFial Sifuati‘?” f’md how they can use
in Canada. We also reinsure substandard cases t'meft?sfted f'nanc'al pr'hc'ples' SUCh as ,
on a facultative basis to capitalize on the pr'9r't'z'ng personal sav'ngs' to read” the” ,
extensive experience some of our reinsurers savmgs 9,03'5- our prOdUCt Offer'ngs Compr'se
have with substandard cases. A substandard baSIc saVIng and investment vehicles that seek to
case has a level of risk that is acceptable to us, meet the needs Of Cl'ents "1 3” Stages Of “fe'
bUt at higher Premium rates than a Standard Through PFS, PFS Investments, Primerica Life
case because of the health, habits or occupation Canada, pFSL Investments Canada, and our
0f the appllcanto licensed sales representatives, we distribute and
While our reinsurance agreements have 59” to our Cl'ents muwal funds" manéged ,
indeﬁnite terms both we and our reinsurers are investments, variable and fixed annUIties, fixed
entitled to discontinue any reinsurance indexed annuities and segregated funds. As of
agreement as to future policies by giving December 31' 20,16' approxlmately 237.50 9f our
advance notice of 90 days to the other. Each sales representatives were licensed to distribute
reinsurer’s ability to terminate coverage for mUtual flﬂnds m the un'ted States ('nCIUd'ng
existing policies is limited to circumstances such Puerto R'CO) énd canada' AS Of December 31'
as a material breach of contract or nonpayment 2016' aPPVQX'mate'y 1,3'600 Of our sales,
of premiums by us. Each reinsurer has the right réprésentat'veswe“? I'Censed, and appo'nted to
to increase rates with certain restrictions. If a d'Str'bUte annu't'es m the un'ted States and
18 Freedom Lives Here“