(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
Of operating our businesses. From time to time, The current legislative and regulatory
we are subject to private litigation as a result of climate with regard tO financial services
alleged Sales representat've m'scondUCt or may adversely affect our business, financial
alleged failure of the Company to follow . . .
applicable insurance, securities or other laws or Condltlon' and reSUltS Of Operatlons'
tegUlationS- For example: we may become The volume of legislative and regulatory activity
SUbleCt to laWSUitS alleging: among Other things: relating to financial services has increased
issues relating to sales or underwriting PtaCtiCeSI substantially in recent years, and we expect that
product design and disclosure, delay of benefits, the level of enforcement actions and
and Ptoo'UCt PtiCing In addition: we are SUbleCt investigations by federal, state and provincial
to Iitigation ariSing oUt of our general bUSineSS regulators will increase correspondingly. The
aCtiVitieS- For example: we naVe a large sales same factors that have contributed to legislative,
force and we could face claims by current or redulatory and enforcement activity at the
former sales representatives arising out of their federal level are likely to contriloute to
relationship With US as independent conttaotots heightened activity at the state and provincial
or regatding compensation“telated issues- It we level. If we or our sales representatives become
loeooine SUbleCt to any SUCn litigation: the subject to new requirements or regulations, it
assooiated legal expense and anYlUdginent or could result in increased litigation, regulatory
settlement of the claims could have a material risks, changes to our business model, a decrease
adverse effect on our business, financial in the number of our Securities_licensed
condition and teSUltS 0t operations- representatives or a reduction in the products
We are also routinely subject to regulatory wetoffer to our clients or the profits we earn,
inquiries, such as information requests, which could have a .material adverse effect on
subpoenas and books and record examinations, our business, finanCIal condition and results of
from state, provincial and federal regulators and Operat'ons'
Other aUthoritles and from time to time! Regulators could adopt laws or interpret existing
regulatory investigations as a result of alleged lavvS in a way that would reduire retroactive
sales representatlve m'scondUCt or alleged changes to our business, accounting practices,
fa'lure Of the Company to fOllOW appl'cable laws or redundant reserve financing structures. Any
or regulations. A substantial legal liability or a such retroactive changes could have a material
significant regulatory action against us could adverse effect on our business, financial
have a material adverse effect on our business, condition and results of operations.
financial condition and results of operations.
Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in any . . . . . .
litigation, regulatory action or investigation, we The? mablllty Of our Sgbsfldlatles to pay
could suffer significant reputational harm and diV'dendS or make d'Stt'bUtlons or Other
we could incur significant legal expenses, either payments tO us in sufficient amounts
of which could have a material adverse effect on would impede our ability to meet our
our business, financial condition and results of obligations and return capital to our
operations. In addition, increased regulatory Stockholders
scrutiny and any resulting investigations or '
proceedings could result in new legal precedents Operations of the Company are conducted by its
and industry—wide regulations or practices that subsidiaries. As such, Primerica, Inc. is a holding
could materially adversely affect our business, company that has no significant operations. Our
financial condition and results of operations. primary asset is the capital stock of our
subsidiaries and our primary liability is our
Senior Notes. We rely primarily on dividends and
other payments from our subsidiaries to meet
our operating costs, other corporate expenses,
46 Freedom Lives Here“