(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
investments sold by our sales representatives. In Canada, we are subject to provincial and
This could cause a decrease in the asset value of territorial regulations, including consumer
client accounts, reduce our trailing commission protection legislation that pertains to unfair and
revenues and result in other—than—temporary— misleading business practices, provincial and
impairments in our invested asset portfolio. In territorial credit reporting legislation that
addition, we may experience an elevated provides requirements in respect of obtaining
incidence of lapses or surrenders of insurance credit bureau reports and providing notices of
policies, and some of our policyholders may decline, the Personal Information Protection and
choose to defer paying insurance premiums or Electronic Documents Act, the Competition Act,
stop paying insurance premiums altogether. the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act,
Further, volatility in equity markets or downturns the Telecommunications Act and certain
could discourage purchases of the investment Canadian Radio—television and
products that we distribute and could have a Telecommunications Commission Telecom
materially adverse effect on our business, Decisions in respect of unsolicited
including our ability to recruit and retain sales telecommunications. We are also subject to the
representatives. Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and
Terrorist Financing Act and its accompanying
We are subject to various federal, state .reg‘J'ations' whiCh reqUire “5 to. develqp. and
d . . I laws and re Ulations in the Implement anti—money laundering policres and
an, provmc'a g , procedures relating to customer indemnification,
un'ted States and canada/ Changes m reporting and recordkeeping, develop and
Wthh Ol' violations Of Wthh may require US maintain ongoing training programs for
to alter our business practices and could employees, perform a risk assessment on our
adversely our business] bUSllTeSS and Clients and inStltUte and document
ﬁnancial condition and results of a reVIew of our anti—money laundering program
. at least once every two years. We are also
Operations“ required to follow certain economic and trade
In the United States, we are subject to many sanctions and legislation that prohibit us from,
regulations, including the Gramm—Leach—Bliley Act among other things, engaging in transactions
and its implementing regulations, including with, and providing services to, persons on lists
Regulation S—P, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the created under various federal statutes and
Right to Financial Privacy Act, the Foreign Corrupt regulations and blocked persons and foreign
Practices Act, the Sarbanes—Oxley Act, the countries and territories subject to Canadian
Telemarketing and Consumer Fraud and Abuse sanctions administered by Foreign Affairs and
Prevention Act, the Telephone Consumer International Trade Canada and the Department
Protection Act, the FTC Act, the Health Insurance of Public Safety Canada.
Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the h . . I . f f h I
Electronic Funds Transfer Act. We are also subject C ange; m’ or we atpns O ’ .apy O t ese .aWS or
. . . regulations may require additional compliance
to anti—money laundering laws and regulations, . f
including the Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by Proceo'ufes' or resu.” m en orcement .
. . . proceedings, sanctions or penalties, which could
the Patriot Act, which reqUIres us to develop and h . I d ff t b .
implement customer identification and risk—based fave a. mate”? .a verse e ec on our qsmess’
. . inanCIal condition and results of operations.
anti—money laundering programs, report
suspicious activity and maintain certain records.
Further, we are required I? fOHOW certain Litigation and regulatory investigations and
930901” agdbtriﬁe gagFt'OTFprOQrarRS thtat are actions may result in financial losses and
a minis ere e ice 0 orei n sse .
Control that pro/hibit or restrict trangsactions with harm our repUtatlon'
suspected countries, their governments, and in We face a risk of litigation and regulatory
certain circumstances, their nationals. investigations and actions in the ordinary course
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 45