(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 1 :)
exchange rates, and the translation adjustments below, in the accompanying consolidated
are reported in other comprehensive income statements of comprehensive income.
(less? ReYenueS and expenses Of our canad'an Investments are reviewed on a quarterly basis
subSIdiaries are translated monthly at amounts for OTTI. Credit risk interest rate risk the
that apprOXImate weighted—average exchange amount of time the security has been in an
rates' unrealized loss position, actions taken by ratings
Investments. Investments are reported on the agencies, and other factors are considered in
renewing bases; determining whether an unrealized loss is other—
, H I, , , than—temporary. OTTI in our accompanying
° Ava'laele”fer”sale ( AFS ) f'Xed‘matur'ty consolidated statements of income reflect the
secur't'es' 'ndua'ng bondsand redeemable impairment on AFS securities that we intend to
preferred Steeks net Class'f'ed as trad'ng sell or would more likely than not be required to
securities, are carried at fair value. When 5e” before the expected recovery of the
queted market values are unava'lable'We amortized cost basis. For AFS fixed maturity
Obta'n esemates fremlndependent pr'e'ng securities that we have no intent to sell and
serV'Ceser est'mate fa'r value based upon a believe that it is not more likely than not we will
eempar'sen to queted 'ssues of the same be required to sell prior to recovery, only the
'ssuer or efether 'ssuers W'th s'm'lar credit loss component of OTTI is recognized in
Charaeter'sees' our accompanying consolidated statements of
. He|d_te_meturity ﬁxed_maturity security is income, while the remainder is recognized in
rri m r iz other com rehensive income in the
ca ed at a o t ed cost. P
, , , . . accompanying consolidated statements of
° Equ'ty secur't'es' 'nCIUd'ng Common and comprehensive income (loss). The credit loss
nonreeeemable preferred SteCks' are. component of OTTI recognized in net income is
Class'f'ed as AFS and are earned at fa'r identified as the amount of principal cash flows
value'when queted .market values are not expected to be received over the remaining
enava'lable' we ebta'n est'mates frem term of the security. Any subsequent changes (if
'neependent pr'e'ng serV'Ces eresemates not an other—than—temporary impairment) in the
fa” value based upon a Compar'sen to fair value of AFS securities are recognized in
quoted Issues of the same Issuer or of other 0ther comprehensive income in the
issuers With Similar characteristics. accompanying statements of comprehensive
- Trading securities, which primarily consist of inC0m9~
bonds: are carried at fair Value- Changes in Interest income on fixed—maturity securities is
fair value of trading securities are included recorded when earned by determining the
in fie’t anes’Ement income in the PeriOd in effective yield, which gives consideration to
Wh'Ch the Change OCCUFFGCL amortization of premiums, accretion of
- Policy loans are carried at unpaid principal e'sceunts' and any Per'auseTTL D'V'dend
balances, Which approximate fair value. income on eqUIty securities IS. recorded when
declared. These amounts are included in net
Investment transactions are recorded on a trade— investment income in the accompanying
date basis. We use the specific—identification consoﬁdated statements of income.
method to determine the realized gains or losses . . . . . .
f . . . Included Within fixed—maturity securities are
rom securities transactions and report the . .
. . . . loan—backed and asset—backed securities.
realized gains or losses in the accompanying . . . .
. . Amortization of the premium or accretion of the
consolidated statements of income. . .
discount uses the retrospective method. The
Unrealized gains and losses on AFS securities are effective yield used to determine amortization/
included as a separate component of other accretion is calculated based on actual and
comprehensive income, except for other—than— historical projected future cash flows and
temporary impairments (“OTTI”) discussed updated quarterly.
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 99