(ITEM 7. MD8tA :)
- Insurance expenses. Insurance expenses mutual fund and annuity assets in the United
are reduced by the allowances received States and Canada. In the United States, we also
from coinsurance. There is no impact on earn investment advisory fees on assets in the
insurance expenses associated with our YRT managed investments program. In Canada, we
contracts. earn management fees on certain mutual fund
. . assets and on the segregated funds for which we
We may alter our reinsurance practices at any .
. . . . . serve as investment manager. Asset values are
time due to the unavailability of YRT reinsurance . .
. . . . influenced by new product sales, ongomg
at attractive rates or the availability of . . . . .
. . contributions to eXIsting accounts, redemptions
alternatives to reduce our risk exposure. We . . . .
. . . and the change in market values in eXIsting
presently intend to continue ceding . . .
. 0 . accounts. While we offer a Wide variety of asset
apprOXImately 90/0 of our US. and Canadian . . ,
. . . classes and investment styles, our clients
mortality risk on new busmess. . . . . .
accounts are primarily invested in equity funds.
ngnses' Re.s.u.lts are 53'50 affected by var'ances Positions. We earn recordkeeping fees for
in client achISItion, maintenance and . . . .
. . . administrative functions we perform on behalf of
administration expense levels. .
several of our retail and managed mutual fund
Investment and Savings Products providers. An individual client account may
Segment. Our Investment and Savings include multiple fund positions for which we
Products segment results are primarily driven by earn recordkeeping fees. We may also receive
sales, the value of assets in client accounts for fees earned for non—bank custodial services that
which we earn ongoing management, marketing we provide to clients with retirement plan
and support, and distribution fees, and the accounts.
number.“ reco.r(.jkeepmg and gustod'aI—fee Sales mix. While our investment and savings
generating pOSItions we administer. . . . .
products all prowde Similar long—term economic
Sales. We earn commissions and fees, such as returns to the Company, our results in a given
dealer re—allowances, and marketing and fiscal period will be affected by changes in the
support fees, based on sales of mutual fund overall mix of products within these categories.
products and annuities. Sales of investment and Examples of changes in the sales mix that
savings products are influenced by the overall influence our results include the following:
demand for investment products in the United . . .
. - sales of annuity products in the United
States and Canada, as well as by the Size and . . .
. . States Will generate higher revenues in the
productIVIty of our sales force. We generally .
. . . period such sales occur than sales of other
experience seasonality in our Investment and . .
. investment products that either generate
SaVIngs Products segment results due to our I .
. . . ower upfront revenues or, in the case of
high concentration of sales of retirement .
. managed investments and segregated
account products. These accounts are typically funds no u from revenues.
funded in February through April, coincident ’ p ’
with our clients’ tax return preparation season. - sales of a higher proportion of managed
While we believe the size of our sales force is a investments and segregated funds products
factor in driving sales volume in this segment, will generally extend the time over which
there are a number of other variables, such as revenues can be earned because we are
economic and market conditions, which may entitled to higher revenues based on assets
have a significantly greater effect on sales under management for these accounts in
volume in any given fiscal period. lieu of upfront revenues; and
Asset values in client accounts. We earn - sales of a higher proportion of mutual fund
marketing and support fees as well as products and the composition of the fund
distribution fees (trail commissions or, with families sold will impact the timing and
respect to US. mutual funds, 12b—1 fees) on amount of revenue we earn given the
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 65