(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
Principal Sources of Products
Qperating Segment Principal Product Offerings (Applicable GeogLaphic Territory)
Corporate and Other Credit Information Services Equifax Consumer Services LLC (US. and
Distributed Products Canada)
Long—Term Care Insurance Genworth Life Insurance Company and its
affiliates (U.S.)
John Hancock Life Insurance Company and its
affiliates (U.S.)
Various insurance companies, as offered
through LTCI Partners, LLC (U.S.)
Prepaid Legal Services LegalShield (US. and Canada)
Supplemental Health and The Edge Benefits Inc. and its affiliates (Canada)
Accidental Death 81
Disability Insurance
Health Insurance GoHealth, LLC (U.S.)
Auto and Homeowners’ Various insurance companies, as offered
Insuranceﬂ) through Answer Financial, Inc. (US)
Mortgage Loan ReferralsIl) 828 Bank (Canada)
(1) Referrals only.
Term Life Insurance we refer to as the theory of decreasing
, , . , , responsibility. Young adults with children, new
Through our three llfe Insurance subSIdlarles — mortgages and other obligations heed to buy
Primerica Life, NBLIC and Primerica Life Canada — higher amountS of insurance to protect their
wePffer term llfe '“Slﬂrahce to Chews, “1 the family from the loss of future income resulting
Unlted States, Its terrltorles, the District of from the death of a primary bread Winner. With
Co'umP'a and Canada“ In 2015' the IateSt per'Od its lower initial premium, term life insurance lets
for Wh'Ch dala '5 3"?"aP'?’ we ranked as a young families buy more coverage for their
leadlng prOVIder of lndIVIdual term llfe Insurance premium dollar When their needs are greatest
"1th? Un'ted States "1 3” annua' Study and still have the ability to have funds for their
pUbl'Shed by LIMRA' retirement and other savings goals.
We believe that term life insurance is generally a We design our term lite insurance products to
better alternative for middle—income clients than be easily understood by and meet the needs of
cash value life insurance. Term life insurance our Clients. Clients purchasing our term life
Prov'des ? guaranteed d?ath beneﬁt 'f the. insurance products generally seek stable, longer—
lnsured dles durlng the ﬁxed coverage per'fml Of term income protection products for themselves
an "Mcolce PO'FYI thereby prOV'd'ng flnénF'al. and their families. In response to this demand,
prOteCt'On for “5.0" her named benef'c'?r'es '“ we offer term life insurance products with level—
retum for the per'Od'C paymént Of prem'ums' premium coverage periods that range from 10
Term insurance products, whlch are sometlmes to 35 years and a Wide range of coverage face
refelred to,“ pure prOteCt'On prOdUCtjc” have “0 amounts. Additionally, certain term life insurance
savmgs or Investment features. By buylng term policies may be customized through the
life insurance rather than cash value llfe addition of riders to provide coverage for
'nsur‘f‘nce' a pOI'CyhOIder 'n't'ally pays a lower specific protection needs, such as mortgage and
prem'um and as a reSUItﬁ WOUId have funds college expense protection. Policies remain in
ava'lable to 'nveSt for ret'rement and Other force until the expiration of the coverage period
needs. We also belleve that a person’s need for or until the policyholder ceases to make
llfe Insurance IS lnverSely proportlonal to that premium payments and terminates the policy.
person 5 need for ret'rement saV'ngsl a Concept Premiums are guaranteed for policies issued in
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 15