(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
own public commitments. The Financial For information on risks relating to our Canadian
Transactions and Reports Analysis Centre of operations, see "Risk Factors” and "Quantitative
Canada (“FINTRAC”) is Canada’s financial and Qualitative Information About Market Risks
intelligence unit. Its mandate includes ensuring — Canadian Currency Risk.”
that entities subject to the Proceeds of Crime
(Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act Com etition
comply with reporting, recordkeeping and other p
obligations under that act. We are also subject to We operate in a highly competitive environment
privacy laws under thejurisdiction of federal and with respect to the sale of financial products and
provincial privacy commissioners, anti—money for retaining our more productive sales
laundering laws enforced by FINTRAC and OSFI, representatives. Because we offer several
and the consumer complaints provisions of different financial products, we compete directly
federal insurance laws under the mandate of the with a variety of financial institutions, such as
FCAC, which requires insurers to belong to a insurance companies and brokers, banks, finance
complaints ombud—service and file a copy of their companies, credit unions, broker—dealers, mutual
complaints handling policy with the FCAC. fund companies and other financial products
and services companies.
Segment Financia/ and Geographic Competitors with respect to our term life
Disclosures Insurance products conSISt both of stock and
mutual insurance companies, as well as other
We have two primary operating segments — financial intermediaries. Competitive factors
Term Life Insurance and Investment and Savings affecting the sale of life insurance products
Products. The Term Life Insurance segment include the level of premium rates, benefit
includes underwriting profits on our in—force features, riSk selection practices, compensation
book of term life insurance policies, net of of saleS representatives and financial strength
reinsurance, which are underwritten by our life ratings from ratings agencies such as AM. Best.
insurance company subsidiaries. The Investment I . . .
. . n offering our securities products, our sales
and SaVIngs Products segment includes mutual . .
. . . representatives compete With a range of other
funds, managed investments and annuities . .
. . . adVIsors, broker—dealers and direct channels,
distributed through licensed broker—dealer . . . .
. . . . including Wirehouses, regional broker—dealers,
subSidiaries and includes segregated funds, an . .
. . . . . independent broker—dealers, insurers, banks,
ihdiVidual annuity saVIngs product that we . . .
. . . . . asset managers, registered investment adVIsorS,
underwrite in Canada through Primerica Life . .
mutual fund companies and other direct
Canada. We also have a Corporate and Other . .
. . . . distributors. The mutual funds that we offer face
Distributed Products segment, which con5ists of . . . .
. . . . competition from other mutual fund families and
the majority of net investment income earned by . .
. . . . alternative investment products, such as
our invested asset portfolio, realized gains and .
. . exchange—traded funds. Our annuity products
losses on invested assets, interest expense on .
. . compete With products from numerous other
notes payable and reserve financmg . . . .
. companies. Competitive factors affecting the
transactions, and revenues and expenses related . . .
. . . sale of annuity products include price, product
to the distribution of non—core products. . . .
features, investment performance, commi55ion
See "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of structure, perceived financial strength, claims—
Financial Condition and Results of Operations — paying ratings, service, and distribution
Results of Operations” and Note 3 (Segment and capabilities.
Geographical Information) to our consolidated
finanCIal statements included elsewhere in this Information Technology
report for more information concerning our
domestic and international operations and our We built a sophisticated information technology
operating segments. platform to support our clients, operations and
30 Freedom Lives Here“