(ITEM 1. BUSINESS )
representatives. At the conclusion of each recruits do not get licensed, often due to the
opportunity meeting, prospective recruits are time commitment required to obtain licenses
asked to complete an application and pay a and various regulatory and licensing hurdles.
nominal entry fee to commence their Many of our licensed sales representatives are
pre—licensing training and licensing examination only marginally active, as there are no minimum
preparation programs and, depending on the life insurance production requirements. As a
state or province, to cover their licensing exam result, we plan for this disparate level of
registration costs, which are provided by the productivity and view a continuous recruiting
Company generally at no additional charge. cycle as a key component of our distribution
Recruits are not obligated to purchase any of the model. Our distribution model is designed to
products we offer in order to become sales address the varying productivity associated with
representatives, though they may elect to make our saleS representatives by paying production—
such purchases. based compensation, emphasizing recruiting,
. . . and developing initiatives to address barriers to
Recruits may become our clients or prOVIde us I. . . . . . .
. . . . icenSIng new recruits. By prowding commISSions
With access to their friends, family members and .
. to saleS representatives on the sales generated
personal acquaintances. As a result, we b . . . .
. . . y their sales organization, our compensation
continually work to improve our systematic . .
. . . . structure aligns the interests of our sales
approach to recruiting and training new sales . . . . . .
. representatives With our interests in recruiting
representatives. . . .
new representatives and creating sustainable
Similar to other distribution systems that rely sales production.
Upon pértit'me sales. represeptatlves and typlcal The following table provides information on new
of the life insurance industry in general, we . . . .
. . . . . . . . recruits and life insurance—licensed sales
experience Wide disparities in the productIVity of . .
. . . . representatives.
indIVIdual sales representatives. Many new
7 Year ended December 31, r
f 2016 2015 2014 2
Number of new recruits 262,732 228,115 190,439
Number of newly life insurance—licensed sales representatives 44,724 39,632 33,832
Number of life insurance—licensed sales representatives, at period end 116,827 106,710 98,358
Average number of life insurance—licensed sales representatives during
period 111,843 101,660 96,780
We define new recruits as individuals Who have products. As a result, individuals recruited to join
submitted an application to join our sales force our saleS force Within a given fiscal period may
together With payment of the nominal entry fee not become licensed sales representatives or
to commence their pre—licenSing training. meet compliance standards until a subsequent
Certain recruits may not meet the compliance period.
standards to join our saleS force, and others
elect to Withdraw prior to becoming active in our . o . .
business. Sales Force Motivation, Training and
O . . . Communication
n average, it requires apprOXImately three
months for our sales representatives to Motivating, training and communicating with
complete the necessary applications and our saleS force are critical to our success and
pre—licensing coursework and to paSS the that of our sales force.
applicable state or provincial examinations to , , f
obtain a license to sell our term life insurance Mat'Vatmn' Thrwgh our proven SyStem 0
sales force recognition events, contests and
8 Freedom Lives Here“