(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
business in order for us to continue to help for suitability. While we believe that the policies
investors save for retirement. Because of the and procedures we implement to help our sales
uncertainty of the status of the DOL Fiduciary representatives assist clients in making
Rule, we have not yet determined the extent to appropriate and suitable investment choices are
which we would make necessitated reasonably designed to achieve compliance with
compensation, product or other changes to our applicable securities laws and regulations, it is
qualified investment and savings plan business, possible that the SEC, FINRA, state securities
nor whether we would make such changes regulators or MFDA may not agree. Further, we
consistent across our non—qualified investment could be subject to regulatory actions or private
and savings business. While we have incurred, litigation, which could materially adversely affect
and would expect to continue to incur, increased our business, financial condition and results of
costs, we cannot quantify the collective impact of operations.
those costs and other changes on the Company.
IRAs and other qualified accounts are a core .
component of the Investment and Savings our sales f0“? “ppm mots may fall to
Products segment of our business and accounted appropﬂately Ident'fy f'nanC'al DeGdS or
for a significant portion of the total revenue of suitable investment products.
th's segment for the .year ended December 331’ Our support tools are designed to educate
2016' Changes reic’UItmg “9”? the DOL F'duclary potential and existing clients, help identify their
Rule could make it more difficult for us and our ﬁnancial needs, and generally introduce the
sates representatlves to prOf'tably serve the potential benefits of our product offerings. The
m'ddle._'nc.ome market and could result m. ‘.a assumptions and methods of analyses
reduction In the number ofIRAs and qualified embedded in our support tools could be
accounts that we serve, which could materially Challenged and subject us to regulatory action
adversely affect thegmount of revenue that we or private litigation, which could materially
generate fro?“ thls “rte of busmess and Ult'mately adversely affect our business, financial condition
could. result in a decline in the number of our and results of Operations.
securities—licensed sales representatives.
Heightened standards of conduct as a result of . . .
either of the above items or another similar NOH‘CQmpl'ance W'th applicable _
proposed rule or regulation could also increase regUIatlons COUId lead to revocatlon Of our
the compliance and regulatory burdens on our subsidiary’s status as a non—bank
representatives, and could lead to increased custodian,
liti ation and re ulato risks, chan es to our . .
buginess model,ga decrre/ase in the ngumber of our PF$ Investments IS a non—bank custod'an of
securities—licensed representatives and a ret'remént accounts” as permuted Undel Tréasury
reduction in the products we offer to our clients, ReQUIatlon.1‘408—2‘ A non—bank C.ust0d'a.n IS an
any of which could have a material adverse entity that is not a bank and that ispermitted by
effect on our business, financial condition and the IRS to act as a custqd'an for ret'remelit plan
results of Operations. account assets of our clients. The IRS retains.
authority to revoke or suspend that status if it
finds that PFS Investments is unwilling or unable
If our suitability pOllCleS and pfOCedUl’eS to administer retirement accounts in a manner
were deemed inadequate, it could have a consistent with the requirements of the
material adverse effect on our business, applicable regulationS- Revocation 01‘ PFS
ﬁnancial condition and results of Investments’ non—bank custodian status would
t. affect its ability to earn revenue for providing
Opera Ions“ such services and, consequently, could materially
We review the account applications that we adversely affect our business, financial condition
receive for our investment and savings products and results of operations.
42 Freedom Lives Here“