(FINANCIAL STATEMENTS — NOTE 6 :)
corresponding account balances in respect of We have also ceded 80% of our Canadian term
the coinsured policies along with the assets to life insurance business in force at year—end 2009
support the statutory liabilities assumed by the in an IPO coinsurance agreement (the "80%
IPO coinsurers. Each of the account balances Canada Coinsurance Agreement") originally
transferred were at book value with no gain or between Primerica Life Canada and Financial
loss recorded in net income. Reassurance Company 2010, Ltd. ("FRAC"). On
Three of the IPO coinsurance agreements satisfy iiimgﬁgeziozrgég’hySgﬂrééngg’zznfrom
U'S' GAAP “5k tranSfer rUIeS' under these Citigroup. As part of this transaction, Munich Re
agreements, we ceded between 80% and 90% of of Malta an insurance com ah owned b
our term life future policy benefit reserves, and Munich American Reassuraﬁceéompahyy
we tranSferred a cor.re5pondmg amount Of. ultimately assumed FRAC’s obligations under the
assets to the IPO comsurers. These transactIons 80% Canada Coinsurance Agreement through a
did not impact our future policy benefit reserves. hovatiOh agreement (the "Munich Re Novation
:‘rshztchfl’ gerigljﬁarhesizﬁfs :1” difigg the same Agreement”). No material terms and conditions
. of the 80% Canada Coinsurance Agreement
reInsurers. We also reduced DAC by a were modiﬁed
corresponding amount, which reduces future ’
amortization expenses. In addition, we are In a fourth IPO coinsurance agreement, the 10%
transferring between 80% and 90% of all future Coinsurance Agreement, we have ceded to Prime
premiums and benefits and claims associated Re 10% of our US. (except New York) term life
with these policies to the corresponding insurance business in force at year—end 2009
reinsurance entities. We receive ongoing ceding subject to an experience refund provision. As the
allowances, which are reflected as a reduction to 10% Coinsurance Agreement includes an
insurance expenses, to cover policy and claims experience refund provision, it does not satisfy
administration expenses as well as certain US GAAP risk transfer rules. As a result, we have
corporate overhead charges under each of these accounted for this contract using deposit method
reinsurance contracts. accounting and have recognized a deposit asset
. . in other assets on our consolidated balance
The largest of the IPO comsurance agreements IS Sheets for assets backing the economic reserves
a coinsurance agreement originally between The deposit asset held in support of this '
Primerica Life and Prime Reinsurance Company agreement was $202 4 million and $181 9 million
("Prime Re")! an afﬁliate Of CitigrOUP’ Where we at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. We
ceded to Prlme. Re 80% of 0W U'S‘. (except New make contributions to the deposit asset during
York) term We Insurance buSIness In force at the life of the agreement to fulﬁll our
,, 0 .
ﬁggfg‘lfgﬁggﬁ“Eifgf’oﬂ'igjgufagg; responsibility of funding the economic reserve.
Pecan Re Inc. ("Pecan Re”) an insurance company The market rem?” on the dgposlt asset.ls .
owned by Swiss Re Life &’Health America Inc reflected In net Investment Income durIng the Me
("Swiss Re”) assumed Prime Re,s Obligations ' of the agreement. PrIme Re IS responSIble for
’ 0 . ensuring that there are sufficient assets to meet
under the 80/‘3 comsurance Agrfenient all statutory requirements. In exchange for our
through a novatlon agreemenl .(the SWISS Re consent to the Swiss Re Novation Agreement
Novatlon Agreement )’ In add'tlon’ the . discussed above, the finance charge on the
counterpart'es to the related mm and cap'tal statutory reserves in excess of economic reserves
maintenance agreements that provide Primerica funded b Prime Re in support of the 10%
Life with statutory reinsurance credit for the 80% Coinsuraxce A reemeht was reduced from 3 0%
US Coinsurance Agreement were replaced by to 2 0% begimﬁhg on July 1 2015 and then f'rom
Pecan Re and SWESS Re’ reSpeCtgvely' NO material 2.0% to 0.5% beginning on January 1, 2016. This
terms and cond'tlons Of the 80/0 U'S' CO'Psurance finance charge is reflected in interest expense in
Agreement and the related trust and capital h rd t d statements of income
maintenance agreements were modified. our CO so I a e ’
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 123