(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS )
determination of whether an individual is state, federal or provincial examinations or
considered to be an independent contractor or inquiries of our investment and savings products
an employee are typically fact—sensitive and vary and insurance businesses. In addition to
from jurisdiction tojurisdiction. Laws and imposing requirements that sales
regulations that govern the status and representatives must follow in their dealings
misclassification of independent sales with clients, these laws and regulations generally
representatives are subject to change or require us to maintain a system of supervision
interpretation. reasonably designed to ensure that our sales
. . . . representatives comply with the requirements to
The claSSIfication of workers as independent which they are subject. We have policies and
contractors has been the subject of federal, state recedures to com I with these laws and
and provincial legislative and regulatory interest feeulations Howevglydespite these compliance
Snvaedretljtﬁ:itafle1¥3irglr£fgisgmi$002,058]IS bemg and supervisory efforts, the breadth of our
. . . . operations and the broad regulatory
grigtpeernggggIgizrsjtfgfgrrgsszgziyﬁg:VigggIy requirements could result in oversight failures
classify workers as independent contractors and hnStances} Of nonlfomphance or mlscondUCt
. . n n 5.
instead of employees. We cannot predict the O t e part 0 our 5a es represe tatlve
outcome of these legislative and regulatory From time to time, we are subject to private
efforts. litigation as a result of alleged misconduct by
If there is an adverse determination with respect 0‘“? sales representatlves‘ Examplés 'DCIUde
to the Classiﬁcation of some or a” of our claims that a sales representative s failure to
independent contractors by a court or disclose underwriting—related information
governmental agency, we could incur significant regafd'lig the Insured on an lnéurance.
costs in complying with such laws and application resulted. In the denial of a life
regulations, including in respect of tax !”S”rance pol'cy Clalm’ and WM] reSpeCt to
withholding, social security payments, retirement '“V?St.me“tt:“td savlmgs produCESEales’ eérofs or
plan contributions and recordkeeping, employee omlss’lotljs an? E: es rearesen a 'VIe mfa e m
benefits, payment of wages or modification of connéc. Ion W' e purc ase 9r 5a e (.3 a
our business model any of which could have a securities product. Non—compliancewnh laws or
material adverse effect on our business, financial regUIaF'Ons by OUT sa.|es rgprgsentatlveSFOUJd
condition and results of Operations. In addition result in adverse findings in either examinations
there is the risk that we may be subject to ' or litigation and could subject us to sanctions,
significant monetary liabilities arising from fines monetary |.'ab'htles’ reStr!Ctlons on or the. loss Of
orjudgments as a result of any such actual or the Operat'on Of. our busmess’ or rePUtgtlonal
alleged non—compliance with federal, state, or harm’ any of Whlch COUId .have a.mate.nal
provincial laws adverse effect on our busmess, finanCIal
° condition and results of operations.
The Company’s or its independent sales . . _ _
representativesl Violation Of, or Any failure to protect the confidentiality of
and related claims and proceedings could our repUtatlon and haVe 3? matef'al .
expose US to material “abilities. adverse effect on our busmess, finanCial
condition and results of o erations.
Extensive federal, state, provincial and territorial p
laws regulate our product offerings and our Pursuant to federal, state and provincial laws,
relationships with our clients, imposing certain various government agencies have established
requirements that our sales representatives must rules protecting the privacy and security of
follow. At any given time, we may have pending personal information. In addition, most states
34 Freedom Lives Here“