(ITEM 1. BUSINESS :)
includes various tools and information to - sales commissions based on sales and
help sales representatives build their referrals by sales representatives in their
business, including: current company news; sales organizations and fees based on client
training and development content; assets under management in their sales
company approved marketing and organizations;
motivational materials; business intelligence . . .
. . . . - bonuses and other compensation, including
including on—demand mobile reports, . .
. . . . eqUIty—based compensation, generated by
rewards and recognition tracking, contact .
i . their own sales performance, the aggregate
management tools, and pomt—of—sale tools .
. . sales performance of their sales
for generating proposals, completing . . . . .
. . . . organizations and other criteria, and
product applications, and receivmg real—
time notifications. We continue to add new - participation in our contests and other
features and functionality to the Primerica incentive programs.
App as the use of mobile devices becomes . . .
more ubiquitous Our compensation structure pays a commi55ion
' to the sales representative who sells the product
We a|se make avenabie ether techne|egy to and to several representatives above the selling
assist our sales force in selling and referring representative within sales organization.
products and serving our clients, including: W'th resPeCt to term We '“suranee sales:
commissions are calculated based on the total
‘ Fell‘iree sales supportE ea” centers to answer first—year premium (excluding policy fee) for all
'nClU'r'esend ass'si W'th. Paperwork: policies and riders up to a maximum premium.
underwr't'ng and I'Cens'ngi To motivate our sales force, we compensate
. . . sales representatives for term life insurance
- a tele—undenNriting process used to obtain . .
. . . . . product sales as quickly as pOSSIble. We advance
detailed medical information from clients . . . . .
. . . . a majority of the insurance commis5ion upon the
Without it being disclosed to our sales . . . .
. . submi55ion of a completed application and the
representatives, . , . .
first month s premium payment. As the client
- POL for tracking the status of pending life makes his or her Premium Payments: the
insurance appneetiens and the progress of commission is earned by the sales representative
new recruits in their training and |icensing and the commi55ion advance is recovered by the
efforts; and Company. If premium payments are not made
. . by the client and the policy terminates, any
‘ Sharehelder Account Manager: YVh'Ch '5 a outstanding advance commission is charged
Web‘based tOOI thate'lews QuemVestment‘ back to the sales representative. The chargeback,
licensed representatives to sewice client which eniy occurs in the first year of a peiicy,
'nVeStmeets m mUtua' funds accessed would equal that portion of the advance that
through our tranSfe" agent Platform. was made, but not earned, by the sales
representative because the client did not pay the
full premium for the period of time for which the
Performance-Based Compensation advance was made to the sales representative.
Structure Chargebacks, which occur in the normal course
. . . . . . of business, may be recovered by reducing any
Our commISSIOn Structure IS rooted In our orlgln cash amounts otherwise payable to the sales
as an insurance agency. Our sales representative.
representatives can receive commissions in . .
multiple ways, including: Sales representatives and representatives above
them in their sales organizations are
- sales commissions and fees based on their contractually obligated to repay us any
personal sales, referrals, and client assets commission advances that are ultimately not
under management; earned due to the underlying policy lapsing
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 11