(ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS :)
reputational damage and legal expense, any of Exchange Act and SEC rules and regulations, as
which could materially adversely affect our well as other conduct standards prescribed by
business, financial condition and results of FINRA. These standards generally require that
operations. broker—dealers and their sales representatives
our Canadian broker_dealer subsidiary, PFSL disclose conflicts of Interest that might affect the
. . adVIce or recommendations they prowde and
Investments Canada and its sales representatives . . .
. . . require them to make swtable investment
are subject to the securities laws of the . .
. . . . . recommendations to their customers. In January
provmces and territories of Canada in which we .
. 2011 under the authority of the Dodd—Frank Act,
sell our mutual fund products and those of third . . .
. which gives the SEC the power to impose on
parties and to the rules of the MFDA, the self— .
. . . broker—dealers a heightened standard of
regulatory organization governing mutual fund . .
. . conduct that is currently applicable only to
dealers. PFSL Investments Canada is subject to . . .
. . . investment adVisers, the SEC staff submitted a
periodic reVIew by both the MFDA and the . . .
. . . . . . . . report to Congress in which it recommended
provmaal and territorial securities commi55ions . .
. . . that the SEC adopt a fidUCiary standard of
to assess its compliance With, among other . . .
. . . . conduct for broker—dealers that is uniform With
things, applicable capital reqUIrements and sales . .
. that of investment adVIsors. The SEC has slated
practices and procedures. These regulators have . ,,
. . . . . the rule on its regulatory agenda for long—term
broad administrative powers, including the . ,, . . . .
. . . action Without a speCIfic timetable.
power to limit or restrict the conduct of our
business for failure to comply With applicable On April 8, 2016, the DOL published a final rule
laws or regulations. Possible sanctions that could (the "DOL Fiduciary Rule”), which more broadly
be imposed include the suspension of individual defines the circumstances under which a person
sales representatives, limitations on the activities or entity may be considered a fiduciary for
in which the dealer may engage, suspension or purposes of the prohibited transaction rules of
revocation of the dealer registration, the ability the ERISA and IRC Section 4975. IRC
to withhold licenses or to impose restrictive Section 4975 prohibits certain types of
terms and conditions on the licenses of sales compensation paid by third parties with respect
representatives, censure or fines, any of which to transactions involving assets in qualified
could materially adversely affect our business, accounts, including IRAs. Simultaneously With
financial condition and results of operations. publication of the DOL Fiduciary Rule, the DOL
issued new, and amended existing, exemptions
. intended, among other things, to allow advisers
If heightgned Standards Of CODdUCt or and their firms to continue to receive common
more Smngent “cens'ng reqU'rementS/ forms of compensation that would otherwise be
such as those proposed by the SEC and prohibited due to the DOL Fiduciary Rule,
those adopted by the DOL, are imposed provided the conditions of the exemptions are
on US or our sa|es representatives, or met. On February 3, 2017, the President Of the
selling compensation is reduced as a result un'ted States ':°’S”ed a memorandum d'reCt'”9
of new le islation or re ulations it could the DOL to reV'eW the DOL F'duc'ary we to
h g , I g H ’ determine, based on certain factors, Whether the
av? a maoter'a _adverse_ _e ed on our rule should be revised or rescinded. The DOL
buSIness, finanCial condition and results of Fiduciary Rule, which was set to become
operations. “applicable” on April 10, 2017, may be delayed
Our US. sales representatives are subject to for an unSpeC'f'ed per'Od Whlle the $ecretary Of
. Labor prepares an updated economic and legal
federal and state regulation as well as state . . . .
I. . . . analy5is on the impact of the DOL FidUCiary Rule.
icensmg requirements. PFS Investments, which
is regulated as a broker—dealer, and our US. If it were to become applicable in its current form,
sales representatives are currently subject to we believe that the DOL Fiduciary Rule would
general anti—fraud limitations under the necessitate certain changes to our qualified plan
Primerica 2016 Annual Report 41