amounts, which vary based upon years of service, with retirees contributing the remainder of the cost. In
addition, we have been phasing out certain subsidies of retiree medical benefits.
In 2016, we approved an amendment to reorganize the US. qualified defined benefit pension plans that
resulted in the combination of two plans effective December 31, 2016, and the spinoff of a portion of the
combined plan into a pre-existing plan effective January 1, 2017. The benefits offered to the plans’ participants
were unchanged. The result of the reorganization was the creation of the PepsiCo Employees Retirement
Plan A, or active plan, and the PepsiCo Employees Retirement Plan I, or inactive plan. The reorganization
was made to facilitate a targeted investment strategy over time and to provide additional ﬂexibility in
evaluating opportunities to reduce risk and volatility. Actuarial gains and losses associated with the active
plan will continue to be amortized over the average remaining service life of the active participants
(approximately 11 years beginning in 2017), while the actuarial gains and losses associated with the inactive
plan will be amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants (approximately 27
years beginning in 2017). As a result of these changes, benefit plan pre-tax expense is expected to decrease
by approximately $40 million in 2017, primarily impacting corporate unallocated. See Note 7 to our
consolidated financial statements.
In 2016, the US. qualified defined benefit pension plans purchased a group annuity contract whereby an
unrelated insurance company assumed the obligation to pay and administer future annuity payments for
certain retirees. In 2016, we made discretionary contributions of $452 million primarily to fund the transfer
of the obligation. This transaction triggered a pre-tax settlement charge of $242 million ($162 million after-
tax or $0.11 per share). See “Items Affecting Comparability” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial
statements.
In 2014, we offered certain former employees who had vested benefits in our U.S. defined benefit pension
plans the option of receiving a one-time lump sum payment equal to the present value of the participant’s
pension benefit (payable in cash or rolled over into a qualified retirement plan or Individual Retirement
Account (IRA)). In 2014, we made a discretionary contribution of $388 million to fund substantially all of
these payments. As a result, we recorded a pre-tax pension lump sum settlement charge in corporate
unallocated expenses of $141 million ($88 million after-tax or $0.06 per share). See “Items Affecting
Comparability” and Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
OurAssumptions
The determination of pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations requires the use of assumptions
to estimate the amount of benefits that employees earn while working, as well as the present value of those
benefits. Annual pension and retiree medical expense amounts are principally based on four components:
(1) the value of benefits earned by employees for working during the year (service cost), (2) the increase in
the projected benefit obligation due to the passage of time (interest cost), and (3) other gains and losses as
discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements, reduced by (4) the expected return on assets
for our funded plans.
Significant assumptions used to measure our annual pension and retiree medical expenses include:
- certain employee-related demographic factors, such as turnover, retirement age and mortality,
0 the expected return on assets in our funded plans,
- for pension expense, the rate of salary increases for plans where benefits are based on earnings,
- for retiree medical expense, health care cost trend rates; and
- for pension and retiree medical expense, the spot rates along the yield curve used to determine the
present value of liabilities and, beginning in 2016, to determine service and interest costs.
5 1