Carla/forwards and Allowances
Operating loss carryforwards totaling $11.3 billion at year-end 2016 are being carried forward in a number
of foreign and state jurisdictions where we are permitted to use tax operating losses from prior periods to
reduce future taxable income. These operating losses will expire as follows: $0.1 billion in 2017, $9.9 billion
between 2018 and 2036 and $1.3 billion may be carried forward indefinitely. We establish valuation
allowances for our deferred tax assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Undistributed International Earnings
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $44.9 billion of undistributed international earnings. We
intend to continue to reinvest earnings outside the United States for the foreseeable future and, therefore,
have not recognized any US. tax expense on these earnings. It is not practicable for us to determine the
amount of unrecognized US. tax expense on these reinvested international earnings.
Note 6 Share-Based Compensation
Our share-based compensation program is designed to attract and retain employees while also aligning
employees’ interests with the interests of our shareholders. PepsiCo has granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs,
PEPunits and long-term cash awards to employees under the shareholder-approved PepsiCo, Inc. Long-Term
Incentive Plan (LTIP) (previously named the 2007 Long-Term Incentive Plan). A stock option permits the
holder to purchase shares of PepsiCo common stock at a specified price. Each RSU represents our obligation
to deliver to the holder one share of PepsiCo common stock when the award vests at the end of the service
period. PSUs are awards pursuant to which a number of shares are delivered to the holder upon vesting at
the end of the service period based on PepsiCo’s performance against specified targets. During the vesting
period, RSUs and PSUs accrue dividend equivalents that pay out in cash (without interest) if and when the
applicable RSU or PSU vests and becomes payable. PEPunits provide an opportunity to earn shares of
PepsiCo common stock with a value that adjusts based upon changes in PepsiCo’s absolute stock price as
well as PepsiCo’s Total Shareholder Return relative to the S&P 500 over a three-year performance period.
Beginning in 2016, certain executive officers and other senior executives were granted long-term cash awards
for which final payout is based on PepsiCo’s Total Shareholder Return relative to a specific set of peer
companies and achievement of a specified performance target over a three-year performance period.
The Company may use authorized and unissued shares to meet share requirements resulting from the exercise
of stock options and the vesting of RSUs, PSUs and PEPunits.
As of December 31, 2016, 82 million shares were available for future share-based compensation grants under
the LTIP.
The following table summarizes our total share-based compensation expense:
7 2016 2015 2014,
[Share-based compensation expense - equity awards 7$ 284 7 7$ 295 7 7$ 297‘
Share-based compensation expense - liability awards 5
[Restructuring and impairment charges/(credits) 7 5 4 (3)1l
Total $ 294 $ 299 $ 294
Income tax benefits recognized in earnings related to share-based _ _
[ compensation $ 91 $ 77 $ 75 J
As of December 31, 2016, there was $321 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to
nonvested share-based compensation grants. This unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of two years.
101