See “Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements” in “Our Financial Results — Our Liquidity and Capital Resources”
in Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more
information on our independent bottlers.
Our Competition
Our beverage, food and snack products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against
products of international beverage, food and snack companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies,
as well as regional, local and private label manufacturers, economy brands and other competitors. In many
countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-Cola Company is our primary
beverage competitor. Other beverage, food and snack competitors include, but are not limited to, DPSG,
Kellogg Company, The Kraft Heinz Company, ﬁll-'londelﬁz International, Inc., Monster Beverage Corporation,
Nestle S.A., Red Bull GmbH and Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
Many of our food and snack products hold significant leadership positions in the food and snack industry in
the United States and worldwide. In 2016, we and The Coca-Cola Company represented approximately 24%
and 20%, respectively, of the U. S. liquid refreshment beverage category by estimated retail sales in measured
channels, according to Information Resources, Inc. However, The Coca-Cola Company has significant
carbonated soft drink (CSD) share advantage in many markets outside the United States.
Our beverage, food and snack products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and loyalty,
taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, advertising, marketing and promotional
activity, packaging, convenience, service and the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer
preferences and trends, including increased consumer focus on health and wellness. Success in this
competitive environment is dependent on effective promotion of existing products, effective introduction of
new products and the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, marketing programs, product packaging,
pricing, increased efficiency in production techniques, new vending and dispensing equipment and brand
and trademark development and protection. We believe that the strength of our brands, innovation and
marketing, coupled with the quality of our products and ﬂexibility of our distribution network, allows us to
compete effectively.
Research and Development
We engage in a variety of research and development activities and invest in innovation globally with the goal
of meeting changing consumer demands and preferences and accelerating sustainable growth. These activities
principally involve: development of new ingredients, ﬂavors and products; reformulation and improvement
in the quality and appeal of existing products, improvement and modernization of manufacturing processes,
including cost reduction, improvements in product quality, safety and integrity; development of, and
improvements in, dispensing equipment, packaging technology, package design and portion sizes; efforts
focused on identifying opportunities to transform, grow and broaden our product portfolio, including by
developing products with improved nutrition profiles that reduce sodium, saturated fat or added sugars,
including through the use of sweetener alternatives and ﬂavor modifiers and innovation in existing sweeteners,
and by offering more products with positive nutrition including whole grains, fruits and vegetables, dairy,
protein and hydration; and improvements in energy efficiency and efforts focused on reducing our impact
on the environment. Our research centers are located around the world, including in Brazil, China, India,
Mexico, Russia, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom and the United States, and leverage nutrition
science, food science, engineering and consumer insights to meet our strategy to continue to develop nutritious
and convenient beverages, foods and snacks.
In 2016, we continued to refine our beverage, food and snack portfolio to meet changing consumer demands
by reducing added sugars in many of our beverages and saturated fat and sodium in many of our foods and
snacks, and by developing a broader portfolio of product choices, including: continuing to expand our
7