Method of Accounting and OurAssumptions
We account for our employee stock options under the fair value method of accounting using a Black-Scholes
valuation model to measure stock option expense at the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs is measured
at the market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant. The fair value of PSUs is measured at the
market price of the Company’s stock on the date of grant with the exception of market-based awards, for
which we use the Monte-Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value. The Monte-Carlo simulation
model uses the same input assumptions as the Black-Scholes model; however, it also further incorporates
into the fair-value determination the possibility that the market condition may not be satisfied. Compensation
costs related to these awards are recognized regardless of whether the market condition is satisfied, provided
that the requisite service has been provided. Long-term cash awards that qualify as liability awards under
share-based compensation guidance are valued through the end of the performance period on a mark-to-
market basis using the Monte Carlo simulation model until actual performance is determined.
All stock option grants have an exercise price equal to the fair market value of our common stock on the
date of grant and generally have a 10-year term. We do not backdate, reprice or grant share-based compensation
awards retroactively. Repricing of awards would require shareholder approval under the LTIP.
The fair value of share-based award grants is amortized to expense over the vesting period, primarily three
years. Awards to employees eligible for retirement prior to the award becoming fully vested are amortized
to expense over the period through the date that the employee first becomes eligible to retire and is no longer
required to provide service to earn the award. Executives who are awarded long-term incentives based on
their performance may generally elect to receive their grant in the form of stock options or RSUs, or a
combination thereof. Executives who elect stock options receive four stock options for every one RSU that
would have otherwise been granted. Certain executive officers and other senior executives do not have a
choice and, through 2015, were granted a combination of 60% PEPunits measuring both absolute and relative
stock price performance and 40% long-term cash based on achievement of specific performance operating
metrics. Beginning in 2016, certain executive officers and other senior executives were granted 66%
performance stock units and 34% long-term cash, each of which are subject to pre-established performance
targets. Certain executives are granted performance-based stock units which require the achievement of
specified financial and/or operational performance metrics. The number of shares may be increased to the
maximum or reduced to the minimum threshold based on the results of these performance metrics in
accordance with the terms established at the time of the award.
Our weighted-average Black-Scholes fair value assumptions are as follows:
2016 2015 2014
[Expected life 7 6 years 7 years 6 years‘
Risk-free interest rate 1.4% 1.8% 1.9%
[Expected volatility 12% 15% 16%}
Expected dividend yield 2.7% 2.7% 2.9%
The expected life is the period over which our employee groups are expected to hold their options. It is based
on our historical experience with similar grants. The risk-free interest rate is based on the expected US.
Treasury rate over the expected life. Volatility reﬂects movements in our stock price over the most recent
historical period equivalent to the expected life. Dividend yield is estimated over the expected life based on
our stated dividend policy and forecasts of net income, share repurchases and stock price. In addition, we
use historical data to estimate forfeiture rates and record share-based compensation expense only for those
awards that are expected to vest.
102