Commodity Prices
Our commodity derivatives had atotal notional value of $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $1.0 billion
as of December 26, 2015. At the end of 2016, the potential change in fair value of commodity derivative
instruments, assuming a 10% decrease in the underlying commodity price, would have decreased our net
unrealized gains in 2016 by $89 million.
Foreign Exchange
Our operations outside of the United States generated 42% of our net revenue in 2016, with Mexico, Canada,
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 19% of our net revenue in 2016. As a
result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made,
manufactured, distributed or sold. During 2016, unfavorable foreign exchange negatively impacted net
revenue performance by 3 percentage points, primarily due to the Mexican peso, Russian ruble, Pound
sterling, Egyptian pound, Argentine peso and the Canadian dollar. Currency declines against the US. dollar
which are not offset could adversely impact our future financial results.
In addition, volatile economic, political and social conditions and civil unrest in certain markets in which
our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including in Brazil, China, Greece, India, Mexico,
the Middle East, Russia and Turkey, and currency ﬂuctuations in certain of these international markets
continue to result in challenging operating environments. We also continue to monitor the economic and
political developments related to the referendum in the United Kingdom to leave the European Union, and
the potential impact, if any, for the ESSA segment and our other businesses.
Starting in 2014, Russia announced economic sanctions against the United States and other nations that
include a ban on imports of certain ingredients and finished goods from specific countries. These sanctions
have not had and are not expected to have a material impact on the results of our operations in Russia or our
consolidated results or financial position, and we will continue to monitor the economic, operating and
political environment in Russia closely. For the years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015 and
December 27, 2014, total net revenue generated by our operations in Russia represented 4%, 4% and 7% of
our consolidated net revenue, respectively. As of December 31, 2016, our long-lived assets in Russia were
$4.4 billion.
Our foreign currency derivatives had a total notional value of $ 1 .6 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $2.1
billion as of December 26, 2015. The total notional amount of our debt instruments designated as net
investment hedges was $0.8 billion as of December 31, 2016. At the end of 2016, we estimate that an
unfavorable 10% change in the underlying exchange rates would have decreased our net unrealized gains in
2016 by $122 million.
Conditions in Venezuela, including restrictive exchange control regulations and reduced access to U. S. dollars
through official currency exchange markets, have resulted in an other-than-temporary lack of exchangeability
between the Venezuelan bolivar and the US. dollar. The exchange restrictions and other conditions have
significantly impacted our ability to effectively manage our businesses in Venezuela, including limiting our
ability to import certain raw materials and to settle U.S. dollar-denominated obligations, and have restricted
our ability to realize the earnings generated out of our Venezuelan businesses. We expect these conditions
will continue for the foreseeable future.
As a result of these factors, we concluded that, effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015, we did
not meet the accounting criteria for control over our wholly-owned Venezuelan subsidiaries, and we no longer
had significant inﬂuence over our beverage joint venture with our franchise bottler in Venezuela. Therefore,
effective at the end of the third quarter of 2015, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries and began
accounting for our investments in our Venezuelan subsidiaries and joint venture using the cost method of
46