2016 PepsiCo Annual Report I 05
- Our disciplined capital allocation and
prudent working capital management
enabled us to improve core net return
on invested capital 190 basis points 3
to 21.5% and generate approximately A. j ‘
$7.8 billion in free cash ﬂow, excluding ,
certain items, which substantially ‘ "l d‘
exceeds our goal of more than l}: I .
$7 billion. , 1-77 i 1 Ll ‘, “13%
- And we met our goal of returning y ‘, r. . g a
approximately $7 billion in cash to ELllv::;;:::l?/i’ iii;i ' M .
shareholders through dividends Y ’1 l
and share repurchases. In fact, we a A
increased our annualized dividend per a l 5;?" . . 4”; {
share for the 45th consecutive year V “Ill ,
beginning with our June 2017 payment. _ ' ' l
These are impresSlve accomplishments. -- ll
And they build on the progress we’ve ' " ’ ’ ' ‘
made over the 10 years I’ve had the honor We continued to expand our range of beverages, offering consumers a set of choices that are
of serving as Chairman and CEO of this on-trend and well-positioned for future growth.
great company. Looking back on the past
decade, our annualized total shareholder
return has been 8.2%, 130 basis points With increasing strains on natural resources, and the increasing importance govern-
ahead of the S&P 500. And our com— ments were placing on protecting our planet, we needed to transform our operations to
pounded annual dividend growth has limit our environmental footprint.
been roughly 10%. In fact, we’ve returned And with Millennials entering the workforce in large numbers, we needed to trans-
almost $70 billion to you in the form of form our workplace and our culture to make sure we were meeting the evolving
dividends and buybacks. expectations of a new generation of associates.
By nearly any measure, that’s a strong The urgency of responding to all these shifts —the necessity of navigating a series
record of performance, especially dur— of demographic, environmental and societal trends that were challenging us like never
ing a period of time that witnessed the before — is what gave rise to the approach all of us have come to know as "Performance
2008 ﬁnancial crisis and a number of with Purpose.” From the start, Performance with Purpose has been more than a slogan,
other major challenges. And reﬂecting more than a single program. It has been an overarching vision —a governing philoso—
on the strength, the consistency, of that phy— guiding every aspect of our business.
performance today, I’m reminded of how At heart, it’s about building a healthier future for all our stakeholders. And that starts
we achieved it. Part of the reason was with generating healthy ﬁnancial returns for all of you, my fellow shareholders. But the
our momentum when I took the helm. As a truth is, that'sjust table stakes. Our challenge is to do more than simply deliver healthy
result or able stewardship by generations returns. Our challenge is to deliver them consistently, sustainably, quarter after quarter,
of associates — from the c-suite to the year after year. And the way we’ll continue doing that is by doing the same thing we’ve
front line —we inherited a solid founda- been doing over the past ten years. And that means:
tion’ along With a wow legacy’ that we - Making healthier foods and beverages for our consumers;
could build on.
But from the beginning, it was also - Generating healthy growth for our retail and foodservice partners;
Clear that if we wanted to make SUre - Contributing to a healthier planet while boosting our bottom line;
our mture was as bnght as our pQSF’ we - Creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates; and
needed to transform our company in a
number or critical ways, - Promoting healthier communities wherever we operate.
With Changing Consumer preferences’ Together, these steps form a virtuous cycle that is powering our ongoing transformation
reﬂecting a grOWing Shift toward a healthier as a company, enabling us to do well by doing good, positioning us for success not
lifeStyle in the US“ and around the World’ only over the short run, but also over the long run, and securing our place as one of the
we needed to transform our portfolio with deﬁning corporations of the 21st century.
more nutritious options.