u The Compensation Committee of the Board reviews PepsiCo’s employee compensation
policies and practices to assess whether such policies and practices could lead to unnecessary
risk-taking behavior; and
n In 2017, the Board established a Public Policy and Sustainability Committee to assist the
Board in its oversight of PepsiCo’s policies, programs and related risks that concern key
public policy and sustainability matters.
- The PepsiCo Risk Committee (PRC), which is comprised of a cross-functional, geographically
diverse, senior management group, including PepsiCo’s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer, meets regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address top strategic, financial, operating,
compliance, safety, reputational and other risks. The PRC is also responsible for reporting progress
on our risk mitigation efforts to the Board,
- Division and key country risk committees, comprised of cross-functional senior management teams,
meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize and address division and country-specific business risks ;
- PepsiCo’s Risk Management Office, which manages the overall risk management process, provides
ongoing guidance, tools and analytical support to the PRC and the division and key country risk
committees, identifies and assesses potential risks and facilitates ongoing communication between
the parties, as well as with PepsiCo’s Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board;
- PepsiCo’s Corporate Audit Department evaluates the ongoing effectiveness of our key internal
controls through periodic audit and review procedures; and
- PepsiCo’s Compliance & Ethics Department leads and coordinates our compliance policies and
practices.
Market Risks
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
- commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy;
- foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
0 interest rates.
In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks
through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging.
Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-
saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include
fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements. See “Unfavorable economic conditions
may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.” and “Our business,
financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected by increased costs, disruption of supply
or shortages of raw materials, energy, water and other supplies.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.” See “Our
Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information on our non-cancelable purchasing commitments.
The fair value of our derivatives ﬂuctuates based on market rates and prices. The sensitivity of our derivatives
to these market ﬂuctuations is discussed below. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for further
discussion of these derivatives and our hedging policies. See “Our Critical Accounting Policies” for a
discussion of the exposure of our pension and retiree medical plan assets and liabilities to risks related to
market ﬂuctuations.
Inﬂationary, deﬂationary and recessionary conditions impacting these market risks also impact the demand
for and pricing of our products. See “Item 1A. Risk Factors” for further discussion.
45