(whether based in scientific fact or not) or leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that
our products do not meet their health and wellness needs. Such factors could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations.
Signiﬁcant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our
products may reduce demand forsuch products and could adversely affect our business, ﬁnancial condition
or results of operations.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed,
or are considering imposing, product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or
sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients or substances contained in such products. These types
of provisions have required that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or
warns consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products. For
example, in California in the United States, Proposition 65 requires a specific warning on any product that
contains a substance listed by the State of California as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects,
unless the level of such substance in the product is below a safe harbor level.
In addition, some jurisdictions, including Chile and Peru, have adopted labeling requirements or have begun
to require color-coded labeling of certain food and beverage products where black, red, yellow and green are
used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sodium, saturated fat or sugar. In addition,
a number of other jurisdictions both in and outside the United States are considering similar measures. The
imposition or proposed imposition of additional product labeling or warning requirements could reduce
overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity (whether based in scientific fact or not) or
leave consumers with the perception (whether or not valid) that our products do not meet their health and
wellness needs. Such factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
Changes in laws and regulations relating to packaging or disposal of our products could continue to
increase our costs and reduce demand for our products or otherwise have an adverse impact on our
business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
Certain of our products are sold in packaging designed to be recoverable for recycling but not all packaging
is recovered, whether due to low value, lack of infrastructure or otherwise. The United States and many other
jurisdictions have imposed or are considering imposing regulations or policies designed to encourage
recycling, including requiring that deposits or certain taxes or fees be charged in connection with the sale,
distribution, marketing and use of certain packaging, extended producer responsibility policies which makes
brand owners responsible for the costs of recycling products after consumers have used them; and adopting
or extending product stewardship policies which could require brand owners to plan for and, if necessary,
pay for the recycling or disposal of packaging after consumers have used them. Compliance with these laws
and regulations could continue to affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, our reputation could be
damaged if we or others in our industry do not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to
packaging or disposal of our products.
Our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer if we are unable to compete
effectively.
Our beverage, food and snack products are in highly competitive categories and markets and compete against
products of international beverage, food and snack companies that, like us, operate in multiple geographies,
as well as regional, local, and private label manufacturers, economy brands and other competitors. In many
countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-Cola Company is our primary
beverage competitor. Other beverage, food and snack competitors include, but are not limited to, DPSG,
14