Operating profit decreased 34%, primarily reﬂecting the items affecting comparability in the above table
(see “Items Affecting Comparability”). Additionally, operating profit performance was negatively impacted
by certain operating cost increases, including strategic initiatives, higher advertising and marketing expenses
and the unfavorable net pricing, partially offset by the volume growth and planned cost reductions across a
number of expense categories. The impact from a prior-year gain related to the refranchising of a portion of
our beverage business in India negatively impacted operating profit performance by 4 percentage points.
This impact was partially offset by a prior-year impairment charge associated with a joint venture in the
Middle East which positively contributed 3 percentage points to operating profit performance.
2015
Net revenue declined 4%, reﬂecting the impact of refranchising a portion of our beverage businesses in India
and the Middle East, which negatively impacted net revenue performance by 3 percentage points. These
impacts were offset by volume growth and effective net pricing. Unfavorable foreign exchange negatively
impacted net revenue performance by 5 percentage points.
Snacks volume grew 4%, reﬂecting double-digit growth in China and Pakistan and mid-single-digit growth
in the Middle East, partially offset by a high-single-digit decline in Thailand. Additionally, India volume was
ﬂat and Australia experienced low-single-digit growth.
Beverage volume grew 1%, driven by double-digit growth in Pakistan and mid-single-digit growth in the
Middle East and Philippines, partially offset by high-single-digit declines in China and India.
Operating profit decreased 4.5%, primarily reﬂecting certain operating cost increases, including strategic
initiatives, higher advertising and marketing expenses, and items affecting comparability in the above table
(see “Items Affecting Comparability”). Additionally, an impairment charge associated with a joint venture
in the Middle East negatively impacted operating profit performance by 3 percentage points. These impacts
were partially offset by the volume growth, planned cost reductions across a number of expense categories
and the effective net pricing. In addition, lower commodity costs positively contributed 6 percentage points
to operating profit performance. The net impact of the refranchising of a portion of our beverage businesses
in India and the Middle East had a slight positive impact on operating profit performance. This impact
included a 4-percentage-point gain from the India refranchising, partially offset by a 1.5-percentage-point
impact from recognizing the 2014 gain from the Middle East refranchising. Unfavorable foreign exchange
negatively impacted operating profit performance by 3 percentage points.
71