Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and ﬁnancial
condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated ﬁnancial
statements and the accompanying notes. Deﬁnitions of key terms can be found in the glossary beginning on
page 129. Tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts reﬂect
common stock per share amounts, assume dilution unless otherwise noted, and are based on unrounded
amounts. Percentage changes are based on unrounded amounts.
OUR BUSINESS
Executive Overview
We are a leading global food and beverage company with a complementary portfolio of enjoyable brands,
including Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. Through our operations, authorized
bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market, distribute and sell a wide variety
of convenient and enjoyable beverages, foods and snacks, serving customers and consumers in more than
200 countries and territories.
Our management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial
condition. These indicators include growth in volume, net revenue, organic revenue, operating profit (as
reported and excluding certain items and the impact of foreign exchange translation), earnings per share
(EPS) (as reported and excluding certain items and the impact of foreign exchange translation), retail sales,
market share, safety, innovation, product and service quality, organizational health, brand equity, media
viewership and engagement, employee diversity, net commodity inﬂation, productivity savings, net capital
spending, free cash ﬂow and free cash ﬂow excluding certain items, cash returned to shareholders in the
forms of share repurchases and dividends, advertising and marketing expenses, research and development
expenditures, return on invested capital (ROIC) and net ROIC (excluding certain items), and gross and
operating margins (as reported and excluding certain items).
At PepsiCo, we believe our performance is inextricably linked to the sustainability of the world in which we
operate. We call this approach Performance with Purpose and it is embedded into our business and our
strategy. Our commitment to Performance with Purpose enabled us to meet or exceed every financial goal
we set for 2016. During 2016, we also continued our focus on productivity, prudent capital allocation, reducing
our cash ﬂow cycle, operating with a leaner cost structure and embracing innovation. For example, since
2012 our productivity agenda has delivered approximately $1 billion in annual savings by pursuing cost-
saving measures ranging from developing agricultural technologies to sourcing more of our foods and
beverages locally. We continued to embrace automation across the Company, leveraging new tools that we
believe will deliver higher rates of production in the United States and around the world. We also continued
to focus on skills upgrading and job retraining, creating new opportunities for our workers which we believe
will help us navigate continued geopolitical uncertainty and unrest.
As we look to 2017 and beyond, we believe our Performance with Purpose strategy will enable us to continue
delivering strong financial results While positioning our Company for long-term sustainable growth. We
recently announced new Performance with Purpose goals for the next ten years. We plan to continue to focus
on making healthier foods and beverages for our consumers, generating healthy growth for our retail and
foodservice partners; fostering a healthier planet by reducing our environmental impact and boosting our
bottom line ; creating a healthy workplace and culture for our associates ; and promoting healthier communities
Wherever we operate.
Our strategies are also designed to address key challenges facing our Company, including: consumer demand
for healthier products; taxes or other limitations on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products in
a changing regulatory environment; uncertain and volatile macroeconomic conditions, including currency
42