Operating Proﬁt/Loss, Adjusted for Items A ﬁecting Comparability, and Net Income Attributable to Pepsi Co
per Common Share — Diluted, Adjusted for Items Aﬂecting Comparability, and the corresponding Constant
Currency Growth Rates
Operating profit/loss, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and net income attributable to PepsiCo per
common share — diluted, adjusted for items affecting comparability, each excludes the net impact of mark-
to-market gains and losses on centrally managed commodities that do not qualify for hedge accounting,
restructuring and impairment charges related to our 2014 and 2012 Productivity Plans, charges related to the
transaction with Tingyi, a charge related to debt redemption, pension-related settlements, Venezuela
impairment charges, a tax benefit, and a Venezuela remeasurement charge (see “Items Affecting
Comparability” for a detailed description of each of these items). We also evaluate performance on these
measures on a constant currency basis, which measures our financial results assuming constant foreign
currency exchange rates used for translation based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period.
In order to compute our constant currency results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current year
US. dollar results by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as
appropriate, those amounts by the prior-year average foreign exchange rates. We believe these measures
provide useful information in evaluating the results of our business because they exclude items that we believe
are not indicative of our ongoing performance.
Organic Revenue
We define organic revenue as net revenue adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange translation, as well as
the impact from acquisitions, divestitures and other structural changes, including the Venezuela
deconsolidation, for the comparable period. The Venezuela deconsolidation impact excludes the results of
our Venezuelan businesses for the first three quarters of 20 l 5 and the fourth quarter of 20 14. In addition, our
fiscal 2016 reported results include an extra week of results. Organic revenue excludes the impact of the 53rd
reporting week in the fourth quarter of 2016. We believe organic revenue provides useful information in
evaluating the results of our business because it excludes items that we believe are not indicative of ongoing
performance or that we believe impact comparability with the prior year.
See “Organic Revenue Growth” in “Results of Operations — Division Review.”
Free Cash Flow
We define free cash ﬂow as net cash provided by Operating activities less capital spending, plus sales of
property, plant and equipment. Since net capital spending is essential to our product innovation initiatives
and maintaining our operational capabilities, we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As
such, we believe investors should also consider net capital spending when evaluating our cash from operating
activities. Free cash ﬂow is used by us primarily for financing activities, including debt repayments, dividends
and share repurchases. Free cash ﬂow is not a measure of cash available for discretionary expenditures since
we have certain non-discretionary obligations such as debt service that are not deducted from this measure.
See “Free Cash Flow” in “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
ROI C and Net ROI C, Excluding Items Aﬁecting Comparability
We define ROIC as net income attributable to PepsiCo plus interest expense after-tax divided by the sum of
quarterly average debt obligations and quarterly average common shareholders’ equity. Although ROIC is a
common financial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC. Accordingly, the method used by
management to calculate ROIC may differ from the methods other companies use to calculate their ROIC.
We believe this metric serves as a measure of how well we use our capital to generate returns. In addition,
we use net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability, to compare our performance over various reporting
periods on a consistent basis because it removes from our operating results the impact of items that are not
58