house and outside counsel and other experts, to guide our businesses in complying with the laws and
regulations around the world that apply to our businesses.
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes
on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes
of, our products or commodities used in the production of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form:
some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a
caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others
apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar in the beverage.
In addition, certain j urisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, pro duct labeling or warning
requirements or other limitations on the marketing or sale of certain of our products as a result of ingredients
or substances contained in such products or the audience to whom products are marketed. These types of
provisions have required that we provide a label that highlights perceived concerns about a product or warns
consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our products. It is possible
that similar or more restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future. Regulators may also
restrict consumers” ability to use benefit programs, such as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
in the United States, to purchase certain beverages and foods. In addition, legislation has been enacted in
certain US. states and in certain other countries where our products are sold that requires collection and
recycling of containers or that prohibits the sale of our beverages in certain non-refillable containers, unless
a deposit, ecotax or other fee is charged. It is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements may be
proposed or enacted in the future.
We are also subject to national and local environmental laws in the United States and in foreign countries in
which we do business, including laws related to water consumption and treatment, wastewater discharge and
air emissions. In the United States, our facilities must comply with the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act,
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, the Compensation and Liability Act, the Resource
Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal and state laws regarding handling, storage, release and
disposal of wastes generated on-site and sent to third-party owned and operated off-site licensed facilities
and our facilities outside the United States must comply with similar laws and regulations. In addition,
continuing concern over climate change may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements
(in or outside of the United States) to reduce or mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, or to limit
or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns. Our policy is to
abide by all applicable environmental laws and regulations, and we have internal programs in place with
respect to our global environmental compliance. We have made, and plan to continue making, necessary
expenditures for compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. While these expenditures
have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations to date, changes
in environmental compliance requirements, and any expenditures necessary to comply with such
requirements, could adversely affect our financial performance. In addition, we and our subsidiaries are
subject to environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of business, as well as
remediation and related indemnification obligations in connection with certain historical activities and
contractual obligations, including those of businesses acquired by us or our subsidiaries. While these
environmental remediation and indemnification obligations cannot be predicted with certainty, such
obligations have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our capital expenditures, earnings
or competitive position.
In addition to the discussion in this section, see also “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we and our consolidated subsidiaries employed approximately 264,000 people
worldwide, including approximately 113,000 people within the United States. In certain countries, our
9