Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further unaudited information
on our business risks.
For cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of changes in fair value is deferred in accumulated other
comprehensive loss within common shareholders” equity until the underlying hedged item is recognized in
net income. For fair value hedges, changes in fair value are recognized immediately in earnings, consistent
with the underlying hedged item. For net investment hedges, the effective portion of the gains and losses on
the debt instruments arising from the effects of foreign exchange are recorded in the currency translation
adjustment component of accumulated other comprehensive loss, consistent with the underlying hedged
item. Hedging transactions are limited to an underlying exposure. As a result, any change in the value of our
hedging instruments would be substantially offset by an opposite change in the value of the underlying hedged
items. We do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We perform assessments of
our counterparty credit risk regularly, including reviewing netting agreements, if any, and a review of credit
ratings, credit default swap rates and potential nonperformance of the counterparty. Based on our most recent
assessment of our counterparty credit risk, we consider this risk to be low. In addition, we enter into derivative
contracts with a variety of financial institutions that we believe are creditworthy in order to reduce our
concentration of credit risk.
Commodity Prices
We are subject to commodity price risk because our ability to recover increased costs through higher pricing
may be limited in the competitive environment in which we operate. This risk is managed through the use
of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements and derivative instruments, which include
swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases
from multiple geographies and suppliers. We use derivatives, with terms of no more than three years, to
economically hedge price ﬂuctuations related to a portion of our anticipated commodity purchases, primarily
for agricultural products, energy and metals. Ineffectiveness for those derivatives that qualify for hedge
accounting treatment was not material for all periods presented. Derivatives used to hedge commodity price
risk that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting
gains and losses recorded in corporate unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and
administrative expenses, depending on the underlying commodity. These gains and losses are subsequently
reﬂected in division results when the divisions recognize the cost of the underlying commodity in operating
profit.
Our commodity derivatives had a total notional value of $0.8 billion as of December 3 1, 2016 and $1.0 billion
as of December 26, 2015.
Foreign Exchange
Our operations outside of the United States generated 42% of our net revenue in 2016, with Mexico, Canada,
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 19% of our net revenue in 2016. As a
result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risks in the international markets in which our products are made,
manufactured, distributed or sold.
Additionally, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from net investments in foreign subsidiaries, foreign
currency purchases and foreign currency assets and liabilities created in the normal course of business. We
manage this risk through sourcing purchases from local suppliers, negotiating contracts in local currencies
with foreign suppliers and through the use of derivatives, primarily forward contracts with terms of no more
than two years. Exchange rate gains or losses related to foreign currency transactions are recognized as
transaction gains or losses in our income statement as incurred. We also use net investment hedges to partially
offset the effects of foreign currency on our investments in certain of our foreign subsidiaries.
116