In general, lower discount rates increase the size of the projected benefit obligation and pension expense in
the following year, while higher discount rates reduce the size of the projected benefit obligation and pension
expense. Based on our assumptions, we expect our total pension and retiree medical expense to decrease in
2017 primarily driven by cost savings due to the recognition of prior experience gains on plan assets, the
reorganization of the plans and the transfer of our obligation for certain retirees to an unrelated insurance
company, partially offset by lower discount rates.
Sensitivity of Assumptions
A decrease in each of the collective discount rates or in the expected rate of return assumptions would increase
expense for our benefit plans. Under the full-yield-curve approach adopted at the beginning of 2016, a 25-
basis-point decrease in each of the above discount rates and expected rate of return assumptions would
increase the 2017 pension and retiree medical expense as follows:
: Assumption Amount :
[Discount rates used in the calculation of expense $37 I
Expected rate of return $36
See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information about the sensitivity of our
retiree medical cost assumptions.
Funding
We make contributions to pension trusts that provide plan benefits for certain pension plans. These
contributions are made in accordance with applicable tax regulations that provide for current tax deductions
for our contributions and taxation to the employee only upon receipt of plan benefits. Generally, we do not
fund our pension plans when our contributions would not be currently tax deductible. As our retiree medical
plans are not subject to regulatory funding requirements, we generally fund these plans on a pay-as-you—go
basis, although we periodically review available options to make additional contributions toward these
benefits.
Our pension and retiree medical contributions are subject to change as a result of many factors, such as
changes in interest rates, deviations between actual and expected asset returns and changes in tax or other
benefit laws. See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for our past and expected contributions and
estimated future benefit payments.
53