bottlers. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum visibility and appeal. DSD is especially well-suited
to products that are restocked often and respond to in—store promotion and merchandising.
Customer Warehouse
Some of our products are delivered from our manufacturing plants and warehouses to customer warehouses.
These less costly systems generally work best for products that are less fragile and perishable, and have lower
turnover.
Distributor Networks
We distribute many of our products through third-party distributors. Third-party distributors are particularly
effective when greater distribution reach can be achieved by including a wide range of products on the
delivery vehicles. For example, our foodservice and vending business distributes beverages, foods and snacks
to restaurants, businesses, schools and stadiums through third-party foodservice and vending distributors and
operators.
Ingredients and Other Supplies
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage, food and snack products are apple, orange and pineapple
juice and other juice concentrates, aspartame, corn, corn sweeteners, ﬂavorings, ﬂour, grapefruit, oranges
and other fruits, oats, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings, sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and
wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic
resins, including polyethylene terephthalate (PET) and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles
and film packaging used for snack foods, aluminum used for cans, glass bottles, closures, cardboard and
paperboard cartons. Fuel, electricity and natural gas are also important commodities for our business due to
their use in our and our business partners” facilities and the vehicles delivering our products. We employ
specialists to secure adequate supplies of many of these items and have not experienced any significant
continuous shortages that would prevent us from meeting our requirements. Many of these ingredients, raw
materials and commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject
to ﬂuctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing
agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our supply of certain
raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and suppliers. When prices increase,
we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers. In addition, we continue to make investments
to improve the sustainability and resources of our agricultural supply chain, including by developing our
initiative to advance sustainable farming practices by our suppliers and expanding it globally. See Note 9 to
our consolidated financial statements for additional information on how we manage our exposure to
commodity costs.
Our Brands and Intellectual Property Rights
We own numerous valuable trademarks which are essential to our worldwide businesses, including Agusha,
Amp Energy, Aquafina, Aquafina Flavorsplash, Aunt Jemima, Cap’n Crunch, Cheetos, Chester’s, Chipsy,
Chokis, Chudo, Cracker Jack, Crunchy, Diet Mist Twst, Diet Mountain Dew, Diet Mug, Diet Pepsi, Diet 7UP
(outside the United States), Domik v Derevne, Doritos, Duyvis, Elma Chips, Emperador, Frito-Lay, Fritos,
Fruktovy Sad, Frustyle, G Series, G2, Gatorade, Grandma’s, H20h! , Imunele, Izze, J -7 Tonus, Kas, KeVita,
Kurkure, Lay’s, Life, Lifewtr, Lifewater, Lubimy, Manzanita Sol, Marias Gamesa, Matutano, Mirinda,
Miss Vickie’s, Mist Twst, Mother’s, Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew Code Red, Mountain Dew Kickstart,
Mug, Munchies, Naked, Near East, O.N.E., Paso de los Toros, Pasta Roni, Pepsi, Pepsi Max, Pepsi Next,
Pepsi Zero Sugar, Propel, Quaker, Quaker Chewy, Rice-A-Roni, Rold Gold, Rosquinhas Mabel, Rufﬂes,
Sabritas, Sakata, Saladitas, Sandora, Santitas, 7UP (outside the United States), 7UP Free (outside the United
States), Simba, Smartfood, Smith’s, Snack aJacks, SoBe, SoBe Lifewater, Sonric’s, Stacy’s, Sting, SunChips,
Toddy, Toddynho, Tostitos, Trop 50, Tropicana, Tropicana Farmstand, Tropicana Pure Premium, Tropicana
5