2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 08 <
ReportTM as one of the top three suppliers in ﬁve or reused 94% of our waste in our production facilities and removed roughly
other countries. That’s an incredible achievement, 100 million pounds of packaging materials from the market compared with the
and it should make all of us proud. previous year, yielding $25 million in savings.
In short, we're doing an exceptionaljob deliver— The combination of these initiatives is enabling us to work constructively
ing for our retail partners. But we cannot afford to with local communities in the U.S. and around the world, enhancing our
get complacent. We’re facing a challenging land- reputation as a company that’s not only powering economic growth, but
scape that’s continually being disrupted, as old doing so sustainably, while cutting costs along the way. In fact, by signiﬁcantly
players are dislodged and new entrants emerge. improving our water and energy efﬁciency, reducing packaging materials, and :
And the only way we’ll continue succeeding is by cutting waste around the world, we’ve saved more than $600 million since 2011.
forging even stronger relationships, collaborating So, I’m proud of all we’ve achieved. But we have lots more work to do. That’s
even more closely, with our partners — from retail why, as part of our Performance with Purpose 2025 agenda, we’re setting
to foodservice to e-commerce — driving growth in broader goals that will further limit our environmental footprint across the
2017 and beyond. value chain — from a product's source to its disposal to its reuse — helping us
Contributing to a healthierplanet while deliver strong returns and sustainable growth year after year, advancing the ‘
boosting our bottom line interests of our planet and our shareholders alike. _ 1
Over the past decade, one of the central planks of Creating a healthyworkplace and culture for our associates
Performance with Purpose has been protecting our The extraordinary men and women who make up this company are—and 3'
planet and conserving natural resources. And we’re always have been — our most valuable asset. They are the reason we have if
continuing to advance those efforts in a number of long been viewed as an "academy company” that grooms the next generation
ways — from responsibly managing water use to of talent across our industry. And we’re committed to ensuring that we remain __
shrinking our carbon footprint across our supply a place where the best and brightest come, not only to earn a living, but to ﬂfﬁ" '
chain to reducing our waste and packaging materi- build a life, by fostering a healthy workplace and culture. J
als — not only because it's the right thing to do, but That's what we continued to do in 2016 — from expanding paid family
because it’s the smart thing to do for our business. leave, to designing an on-site daycare that we plan to open at our Purchase
When it comes to responsibly managing water headquarters in 2017, to expanding our ﬂexible work arrangements. We also
use, we’ve been making meaningful progress. In continued to enhance our learning and development programs to make sure our
lndia, PepsiCo has developed and deployed a associates are ready to overcome the challenges and seize the opportunities
direct seeding machine for rice farmers, enabling they’ll face in the months and years ahead. And we're also committed to building
growers to improve water efﬁciency by an aver- a workplace that’s diverse and inclusive — from making sure women and men
age of roughly 30%. That accomplishment is part are represented equally in management roles, to providing working caregivers
of a global water stewardship strategy that also with the support they need to meet their responsibilities at work and at home.
improved water use efﬁciency by more than 25% Of course, our workplace and culture are more than the product of corpo-
across our production locations around the world rate policies. They are also a reflection of our values. And at PepsiCo, we are
from 2006 to 2015, surpassing our goal of 20% and guided by a number of values, from holding ourselves to the highest stan- 7
saving roughly $80 million over ﬁve years. dards of excellence, to speaking with truth and candor at all times, to selling
When it comes to energy efﬁciency, we’re only those products we can proudly stand behind, to walking a mile in one
reducing our carbon emissions through the use of another's shoes, no matter what we look like, where we come from, what faith
renewable energy— a reduction that builds on our we practice, or who we love. __ g
strong record of progress around the world from These values have always been our North Star. They are the reason we’re l
2006 to 2015, when we improved energy efﬁciency consistently ranked one of the most ethical companies in the Fortune 500. And ' Z
in our legacy operations by nearly 18%, delivering they are the reason I’m so conﬁdent the investment you’ve made in PepsiCo
more than $96 million in estimated savings along will not only continue to be a source of ﬁnancial success — it will continue to be
the way. a source of pride. 1‘ ’
And when it comes to recycling packaging and Promoting healthiercommunities wherever we operate “1::
waste, we’re making progress as well, adding to our
record of achievement in 2015 when we recycled While all of us know PepsiCo as a global corporation with a presence in more ’
than 200 countries and territories around the world — more than the member-
_ 7 r r r ship of the United Nations—we’re also members of every local community
[7 R [I where we do business. The reason is simple: The products we make are often
Q 0 J \ I sourced locally. The consumers who buy them live locally, and that’s where the
7 : men and women who work here return to their families every night.
A A A A; For all of these reasons, we have a stake in the local communities we serve.
Q 0 And over the past year, we’ve been working hard to meet our responsibilities
Q 0 g to them. Of course, part of the way we contribute to our communities is by
\l f \ ~