employment levels are subject to seasonal variations. We or our subsidiaries are party to numerous collective
bargaining agreements. We expect that we will be able to renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements
on satisfactory terms when they expire. We believe that relations with our employees are generally good.
Available Information
We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with
the US. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The public may read and copy any materials that we
file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC. 20549.
Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-
SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at http ://www. sec. gov.
Our Annual Reports on Form lO-K, Quarterly Reports on Form lO-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy
statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15 (d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are also available free of charge on our Internet
site at http://www.p:epsico.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed
with or furnished to the SEC.
Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others using
filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts or our corporate website
(wwwrgpsico. com), including news and announcements regarding our financial performance, key personnel,
our brands and our business strategy. Information that we post on our corporate website could be deemed
material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, our customers, consumers, business partners and
others interested in us to review the information we post on these channels. We may from time to time update
the list of channels we will use to communicate information that could be deemed material and will post
information about any such change on www.p:epsico.com. The information on our website is not, and shall
not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any of our other filings with the SEC.
Item 1A. Risk Factors.
You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any of the factors described below could occur or continue to occur and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our
common stock. The risks below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may occur or become material in the future and
may also adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly
traded securities. Therefore, historical operating results, financial and business performance, events and trends
may not be a reliable indicator of future operating results, financial and business performance, events or
trends.
Demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability
on our part to innovate or market our products effectively, and any signiﬁcant reduction in demand could
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets. To
generate revenues and profits, we rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must sell products
that appeal to our customers and consumers. In general, changes in consumption in our product categories
or consumer demographics could result in reduced demand for our products. Demand for our products depends
in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences,
including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with: health
and wellness (including products that have less sodium, added sugars and saturated fat), convenience
10