of-date products. Based on our experience with this practice, we have reserved for anticipated damaged and
out-of-date products.
Our policy is to provide customers with product when needed. In fact, our commitment to freshness and
product dating serves to regulate the quantity of product shipped or delivered. In addition, DSD products are
placed on the shelf by our employees with customer shelf space and storerooms limiting the quantity of
product. For product delivered through other distribution networks, we monitor customer inventory levels.
As discussed in “Our Customers” in “Item 1. Business,” we offer sales incentives and discounts through
various programs to customers and consumers. Total marketplace spending includes sales incentives,
discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales incentives and discounts are primarily accounted
for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to customers for performing merchandising activities on
our behalf, such as payments for in—store displays, payments to gain distribution of new products, payments
for shelf space and discounts to promote lower retail prices. Sales incentives and discounts also include
support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and other marketing activities.
Anumber of our sales incentives, such as bottler funding to independent bottlers and customer volume rebates,
are based on annual targets, and accruals are established during the year for the expected payout. These
accruals are based on contract terms and our historical experience with similar programs and require
management judgment with respect to estimating customer participation and performance levels. Differences
between estimated expense and actual incentive costs are normally insignificant and are recognized in
earnings in the period such differences are determined. In addition, certain advertising and marketing costs
are also based on annual targets and recognized during the year as incurred. The terms of most of our incentive
arrangements do not exceed a year, and therefore do not require highly uncertain long-term estimates. Certain
arrangements, such as fountain pouring rights, may extend beyond one year. Costs incurred to obtain these
arrangements are recognized over the shorter of the economic or contractual life, primarily as a reduction of
revenue, and the remaining balances of $291 million as of December 31, 2016 and $321 million as of
December 26, 2015 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our balance
sheet.
For interim reporting, our policy is to allocate our forecasted full-year sales incentives for most of our
programs to each of our interim reporting periods in the same year that benefits from the programs. The
allocation methodology is based on our forecasted sales incentives for the full year and the proportion of
each interim period’s actual gross revenue or volume, as applicable, to our forecasted annual gross revenue
or volume, as applicable. Based on our review of the forecasts at each interim period, any changes in estimates
and the related allocation of sales incentives are recognized beginning in the interim period that they are
identified. In addition, we apply a similar allocation methodology for interim reporting purposes for certain
advertising and other marketing activities. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional
information on our total marketplace spending. Our annual financial statements are not impacted by this
interim allocation methodology.
We estimate and reserve for our bad debt exposure based on our experience with past due accounts and
collectibility, the aging of accounts receivable and our analysis of customer data. Bad debt expense is classified
within selling, general and administrative expenses in our income statement.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
We sell products under a number of brand names, many of which were developed by us. Brand development
costs are expensed as incurred. We also purchase brands and other intangible assets in acquisitions. In a
business combination, the consideration is first assigned to identifiable assets and liabilities, including brands
and other intangible assets, based on estimated fair values, with any excess recorded as goodwill. Determining
fair value requires significant estimates and assumptions based on an evaluation of a number of factors, such
48