products, adverse publicity or increased concerns about the health implications of consumption of ingredients
or substances in our products (whether or not valid).
In addition, studies are underway by third parties to assess the health implications of consumption of certain
ingredients or substances present in certain of our products, such as 4-Mel, acrylamide, caffeine, added sugars,
saturated fat and sodium. Third parties, such as the World Health Organization, have also published documents
or studies claiming that taxes can address consumer consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages and other
foods high in sugar, sodium or saturated fat. If, as a result of these studies and documents or otherwise, there
is an increase in consumer concerns (whether or not valid) about the health implications of consumption of
our products, an increase in the number of jurisdictions that impose taxes on our products, or an increase in
new labeling, product or production requirements or other restrictions on the manufacturing, sale or display
of our products, demand for our products could decline, or we could be subject to lawsuits or new regulations
that could affect sales of our products, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
or results of operations.
Although we have policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote legal and regulatory
compliance, our employees, suppliers, or other third parties with whom we do business could take actions,
intentional or not, that violate these policies and procedures or applicable laws or regulations. Violations of
these laws or regulations could subject us to criminal or civil enforcement actions, including fines, penalties,
disgorgement of profits or activity restrictions, any of which could result in adverse publicity or affect our
business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, regulatory authorities under whose laws
we operate may have enforcement powers that can subject us to actions such as product recall, seizure of
products or assets or other sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on the sales of products in our
portfolio or could lead to damage to our reputation.
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal and environmental remediation obligations
arising in the normal course of business, as well as environmental remediation, product liability, toxic tort
and related indemnification proceedings in connection with certain historical activities and contractual
obligations, including those of businesses acquired by us or our subsidiaries. Due to regulatory complexities,
uncertainties inherent in litigation and the risk of unidentified contaminants on current and former properties
of ours and our subsidiaries, the potential exists for remediation, liability and indemnification costs to differ
materially from the costs we have estimated. We cannot guarantee that our costs in relation to these matters
will not exceed our estimates or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations.
The imposition or proposed imposition of new or increased taxes aimed at our products could adversely
aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have either imposed,
or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, sale or distribution of our products,
ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used in the production
of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric
beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some
measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the
amount of added sugar in the beverage. For example, effective January 2017, the City of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania in the United States enacted a per-ounce surcharge on all sweetened beverages (including
artificially and non-caloric sweetened beverages). By contrast, the UK. has proposed a graduated tax, in
which the per-ounce tax rate is tied to the amount of added sugar present in the beverage: the higher the
amount of added sugar, the higher the per-ounce tax rate. These tax measures - whatever their s00pe or form
- could increase the cost of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products, lead to negative publicity
13