to compete in these areas. Such retailers may demand improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased
promotional programs. Further, should larger retailers increase utilization of their own distribution networks,
other distribution channels such as e-commerce, or private label brands, or if we are unable to develop
successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers, the competitive advantages we derive
from our go-to-market systems and brand equity may be eroded. In addition, failure to appropriately respond
to any such actions, to offer effective sales incentives and marketing programs to our customers or to adapt
to the rapidly changing retail and e-commerce landscapes could reduce our ability to secure adequate shelf
space and product availability at our retailers, adversely affect our ability to maintain or grow our share of
sales or volume, and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition,
if we are unable to resolve a dispute with any of our key customers, or if there is a change in the business
condition (financial or otherwise) of any of our key customers, even if unrelated to us, our business, financial
condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets may be adversely affected by a downgrade
or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.
Rating agencies routinely evaluate us, and their ratings of our long-term and short-term debt are based on a
number of factors, including our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to
shareholder distributions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as
the then-current state of the economy and our industry generally. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a
credit rating agency, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, whether as a result of our actions
or factors which are beyond our control, could increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to
access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all, and result in a reduction
in our liquidity. We expect to maintain Tier 1 commercial paper access, which we believe will facilitate
appropriate financial ﬂexibility and ready access to global credit markets at favorable interest rates. However,
any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings could impair our ability to access the commercial
paper market with the same ﬂexibility that we have experienced historically, and therefore require us to rely
more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. Our borrowing costs and access to the commercial
paper market could also be adversely affected if a credit rating agency announces that our ratings are under
review for a potential downgrade. An increase in our borrowing costs, limitations on our ability to access the
global capital and credit markets or a reduction in our liquidity could adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.
If we are not able to successfully implement shared services or utilize information technology systems and
networks ejfectively, our ability to conduct our business might be negatively impacted
We have entered into agreements with third-party service providers to utilize certain information technology
support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan
administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and may enter into agreements for shared services
in other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. In addition, we utilize cloud-based
services and systems and networks managed by third-party vendors to process, transmit and store information
and to conduct certain of our business activities and transactions with employees, customers, consumers and
other third parties. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if
we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings or
we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers and our reputation
could be harmed. Depending on the function involved, such errors may also lead to business disruption,
processing inefficiencies, the loss of or damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security
breaches or otherwise, effects on financial reporting, litigation or remediation costs, or damage to our
reputation, which could have a negative impact on employee morale.
24