Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
Included in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
— Our Business Risks.”
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.
See “Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.”
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
Not applicable.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
(a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out
an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a—15(e) and 15 d- 1 5 (e) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act). Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or
submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as apprOpriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
(b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term
is defined in Rule 13a—15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based upon criteria established in Internal
Control — Integrated Framework (2013) by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2016.
Attestation Report of the Registered PublicA ccounting Firm. KPMG LLP, an independent registered public
accounting firm, has audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K and, as part of their audit, has issued their report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting.
(c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during our fourth fiscal quarter of 20 16 that have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
During our fourth fiscal quarter of 20 16, we continued migrating certain of our financial processing systems
to an enterprise-wide systems solution. These systems implementations are part of our ongoing global business
transformation initiative, and we plan to continue implementing such systems throughout other parts of our
businesses over the course of the next few years. In connection with these implementations and resulting
business process changes, we continue to enhance the design and documentation of our internal control over
financial reporting processes to maintain effective controls over our financial reporting. We do not expect
this transition to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.
13 1