We continue on our multi—year business transformation initiative to migrate certain of our systems, including
our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems solutions. If we do not allocate and effectively
manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if
we fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, it may impact our ability to process transactions
accurately and efficiently, and remain in step with the changing needs of our business, which could result in
the loss of customers or consumers. In addition, the failure to either deliver the applications on time, or
anticipate the necessary readiness and training needs, could lead to business disruption and loss of customers
or consumers and revenue.
Fluctuations in exchange rates impact our business, ﬁnancial condition and results of operations.
We hold assets, incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the US.
dollar. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in US. dollars, the financial statements
of our subsidiaries outside the United States, where the functional currency is other than the US. dollar, are
translated into US. dollars. Our operations outside of the United States, particularly in Mexico, Canada,
Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil, generate a significant portion of our net revenue. In addition, we
purchase many of the ingredients, raw materials and commodities used in our business in numerous markets
and in numerous currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates, including as a result of currency controls or other
currency exchange restrictions have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.
Climate change, water scarcity or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change or water
scarcity may negatively affect our business and operations or damage our reputation.
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse
impact on global temperatures, weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and
natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we
may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary
for our products, such as sugar cane, corn, wheat, rice, oats, potatoes and various fruits. Natural disasters and
extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain
and unfavorably impact the demand for, or our consumer’s ability to purchase, our products. The predicted
effects of climate change may also exacerbate challenges regarding the availability and quality of water. As
demand for water access continues to increase around the world, we may be subject to decreased availability
of water, deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water, which could adversely impact our
manufacturing and distribution operations.
The continued increasing concern over climate change may result in new or increased regional, federal and/
or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases, or to limit
or impose additional costs on commercial water use due to local water scarcity concerns. In the event that
such regulation is more stringent than current regulatory obligations or the measures that we are currently
undertaking to monitor and improve our energy efficiency and water conservation, we may experience
disruptions in, or significant increases in our costs of, operation and delivery and we may be required to make
additional investments in facilities and equipment or relocate our facilities. In particular, increasing regulation
of fuel emissions could substantially increase the cost of energy, including fuel, required to operate our
facilities or transport and distribute our products, thereby substantially increasing the distribution and supply
chain costs associated with our products. As a result, the effects of climate change or water scarcity could
negatively affect our business and operations.
In addition, any perception (whether or not valid) of our failure to effectively respond to new, or changes in,
legal or regulatory requirements concerning climate change or water scarcity could result in adverse publicity
and could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
25