With respect to divestitures and refranchisings, we may not be able to complete or effectively manage such
transactions on terms commercially favorable to us or at all and may fail to achieve the anticipated benefits
or cost savings from the divestiture or refranchising. Further, as divestitures and refranchisings may reduce
our direct control over certain aspects of our business, any failure to maintain good relations with divested
or refranchised businesses in our supply or sales chain may adversely impact our sales or business
performance.
If an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations, or
if a divestiture or refranchising is not successfully completed or managed or does not result in the benefits
or cost savings we expect, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
A change in our estimates and underlying assumptions regarding th e future performance of our businesses
could result in an impairment charge, which could materially affect our results of operations.
We conduct impairment tests on various components of our portfolio annually, during our third quarter, or
more frequently, if circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable or that an other-
than-temporary impairment exists. Any changes in our estimates or underlying assumptions regarding the
future performance of our divisions or in determining the fair value of any such division, including goodwill,
indefinite-lived intangible assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets, could adversely
affect our results of operations. Factors that could result in an impairment include, but are not limited to:
significant negative economic or industry trends or competitive operating conditions; significant
macroeconomic conditions that may result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used
to estimate fair value; and significant changes in the nature and timing of decisions regarding assets or markets
that do not perform consistently with our expectations, including factors we use to estimate future levels of
sales, operating profit or cash ﬂows. Future impairment charges could have a significant adverse effect on
our results of operations in the periods recognized.
Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities could
adversely aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions in which we operate.
Increases in income tax rates or other changes in income tax laws in any particular jurisdiction could reduce
our after-tax income from such jurisdiction. Our operations outside the United States generate a significant
portion of our income and income tax associated with repatriation of foreign earnings to the United States
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, many of the
countries in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, including countries in which
we have significant operations, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws. Changes in how US.
multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are
interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations and audits by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and
other taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes both within and outside the United
States. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the
adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult
and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and
accruals, resulting in an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22