Other Relationships
Certain members of our Board of Directors also serve on the boards of certain vendors and customers. These
Board members do not participate in our vendor selection and negotiations nor in our customer negotiations.
Our transactions with these vendors and customers are in the normal course of business and are consistent
with terms negotiated with other vendors and customers. In addition, certain of our employees serve on the
boards of Pepsi Bottling Ventures LLC and other affiliated companies of PepsiCo and do not receive
incremental compensation for such services.
Our Business Risks
We are subject to risks in the normal course of business. During 2016 and 2015, certain jurisdictions in which
our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold operated in a challenging environment, experiencing
unstable economic, political and social conditions, civil unrest, debt and credit issues, and currency
ﬂuctuations. We continue to monitor the economic, operating and political environment in these markets
closely and to identify actions to potentially mitigate any unfavorable impacts on our future results.
In addition, certain jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold have
either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, sale or distribution
of our products, ingredients or substances contained in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used
in the production of our products. These taxes vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including
non-caloric beverages, while others apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e. g., sugar). Similarly,
some measures apply a single tax rate per liquid ounce while others apply a graduated tax rate depending
upon the amount of added sugar in the beverage.
We sell a wide variety of beverages, foods and snack in more than 200 countries and territories and the profile
of the products we sell, and the amount of revenue attributable to such products, varies by jurisdiction.
Because of this, we cannot predict the scope or form potential taxes or other potential limitations on our
products may take, and therefore cannot predict the impact of such taxes or limitations on our financial
results. In addition, taxes and limitations may impact us and our competitors differently. We continue to
monitor existing and proposed taxes in the jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured,
distributed and sold and to consider actions we may take to potentially mitigate the unfavorable impact, if
any, of such taxes or limitations, including advocating alternative measures with respect to the imposition,
form and scope of any such taxes or limitations.
See also “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” “Executive Overview” above and “Market Risks” below for more
information about these risks and the actions we have taken to address key challenges.
Risk Management Framework
The achievement of our strategic and operating objectives involves taking risks. To identify, assess, prioritize,
address, manage, monitor and communicate these risks across the Company’s operations, we leverage an
integrated risk management framework. This framework includes the following:
- PepsiCo’s Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for PepsiCo’s integrated risk management
framework. One of the Board’s primary responsibilities is overseeing and interacting with senior
management with respect to key aspects of the Company’s business, including risk assessment and
risk mitigation of the Company’s top risks. The Board receives updates on key risks throughout the
year. In addition, the Board has tasked designated Committees of the Board with oversight of certain
categories of risk management, and the Committees report to the Board regularly on these matters.
D The Audit Committee of the Board reviews and assesses the guidelines and policies governing
PepsiCo’s risk management and oversight processes, and assists the Board’s oversight of
financial, compliance and employee safety risks facing PepsiCo;
44