remediation costs. Further, our information systems and the information stored therein could be compromised
by, and we could experience similar adverse consequences due to, unauthorized outside parties accessing or
extracting sensitive data or confidential information, corrupting information or disrupting business processes
(or demonstrating an ability to do so) or by inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, agents or
third parties. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery,
and other security measures to protect our systems and data, but these security measures cannot provide
absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every such breach
or disruption. In addition, due to the constantly evolving nature of these security threats, the form and impact
of any future incident cannot be predicted.
Similar risks exist with respect to the third-party vendors that we rely upon for aspects of our information
technology support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing, health and benefit
plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and systems managed, hosted, provided
and/or used by third parties and their vendors. The need to coordinate with various third-party vendors may
complicate our efforts to resolve any issues that may arise. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the
activities associated with our third-party vendors may adversely affect our business even if the attack or
breach does not directly impact our systems or information.
While we currently maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to
address certain aspects of cyber incidents, network failures and data privacy-related concerns, this insurance
coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses
or all types of claims that may arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation or brands that may
result from an incident.
Our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations may be adversely aﬂected by increased costs,
disruption of supply or shortages of raw materials, energy, water and other supplies.
We and our business partners use various raw materials, energy, water and other supplies in our business.
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage, food and snack products are apple, orange and pineapple
juice and other juice concentrates, aspartame, corn, corn sweeteners, ﬂavorings, ﬂour, grapefruit and other
fruits, oats, oranges, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings, sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and
wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic
resins, including PET and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles and film packaging used
for snack foods, aluminum used for cans, glass bottles, closures, cardboard and paperboard cartons. Fuel,
electricity and natural gas are also important commodities for our businesses due to their use in our and our
business partners’ facilities and the vehicles delivering our products.
Some of these raw materials and supplies are sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political
instability or unfavorable economic conditions, and some are available from a limited number of suppliers
or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at its peak. The raw materials and energy, including fuel, that
we use for the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are largely commodities that are
subject to price volatility and ﬂuctuations in availability caused by many factors, including changes in global
supply and demand, weather conditions (including any potential effects of climate change), disease or pests,
agricultural uncertainty, health epidemics or pandemics, governmental incentives and controls, political
uncertainties, governmental instability or currency exchange rates. Shortage of some of these raw materials
and other supplies, sustained interruption in their supply or an increase in their costs could adversely affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations. Many of our ingredients, raw materials and
commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to ﬂuctuation,
and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders, pricing agreements
and derivatives. If commodity price changes result in unexpected or significant increases in raw materials
18