Item 9B. Other Information.
Not applicable.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Ofﬁcers and Corporate Governance.
Information about our directors and persons nominated to become directors is contained under the caption
“Election of Directors” in our Proxy Statement for our 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with
the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (the 2017 Proxy Statement) and is
incorporated herein by reference. Information about our executive officers is reported under the caption
“Executive Officers of the Registrant” in Part I of this report.
Information on beneficial ownership reporting compliance is contained under the caption “Ownership of
PepsiCo Common Stock — Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in our 2017 Proxy
Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
We have a written code of conduct that applies to all of our employees, including our Chairman of the Board
of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, and to our Board of Directors.
Our Global Code of Conduct is distributed to all employees and is available on our website at http://
wwwrgpsicocom. A copy of our Global Code of Conduct may be obtained free of charge by writing to
Investor Relations, PepsiCo, Inc, 700 Anderson Hill Road, Purchase, New York 10577. Any amendment to
our Global Code of Conduct and any waiver applicable to our executive officers or senior financial officers
will be posted on our website within the time period required by the SEC and New York Stock Exchange.
Information about the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of
Directors can be found in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo
— Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations of Director Candidates” and is incorporated herein by
reference.
Information concerning the composition of the Audit Committee and our Audit Committee financial experts
is contained in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo — Committees
of the Board of Directors — Audit Committee” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 11. Executive Compensation.
Information about director and executive officer compensation, Compensation Committee interlocks and the
Compensation Committee Report is contained in our 2017 Proxy Statement under the captions “2016 Director
Compensation,” “Executive Compensation,” “Corporate Governance at PepsiCo — Committees of the Board
of Directors — Compensation Committee — Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation”
and “Executive Compensation — Compensation Committee Report” and is incorporated herein by reference.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneﬁcial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters.
Information with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans can be found
under the caption “Executive Compensation— Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans” in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
Information on the number of shares of PepsiCo Common Stock beneficially owned by each director and
named executive officer, by all directors and executive officers as a group and on each beneficial owner of
more than 5% of PepsiCo Common Stock is contained under the caption “Ownership of PepsiCo Common
Stock” in our 2017 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.
132