value of the cost method investments to their estimated fair values, resulting in a full impairment. The
impairment charges primarily included approximately $1.2 billion related to our investments in previously
consolidated Venezuelan subsidiaries and our joint venture and $111 million related to the reclassification
of cumulative translation losses. The estimated fair value of the investments in our Venezuelan entities was
derived using discounted cash ﬂow analyses, including US. dollar exchange and discount rate assumptions
that reﬂected the inﬂation and economic uncertainty in Venezuela, and are considered non-recurring Level
3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. The factors that led to the above-mentioned conclusions at
the end of the third quarter of 20 1 5 continued to exist through the end of 2016.
As of the end of 2016, consistent with the end of the third quarter of 20 1 5, we did not consolidate the assets
and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiaries in our balance sheet. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2015,
our financial results have not included the results of our Venezuelan businesses. We do not have any guarantees
related to our Venezuelan entities, and our ongoing contractual commitments to our Venezuelan businesses
are not material. We will recognize income from dividends and sales of inventory to our Venezuelan entities,
which have not been and are not expected to be material, to the extent cash in US. dollars is received. We
did not receive any cash in US. dollars from our Venezuelan entities during the fourth quarter of 2015 or
fiscal year 2016. We will continue to monitor the conditions in Venezuela and their impact on our accounting
and disclosures. For further unaudited information, see “Our Business Risks” and “Our Liquidity and Capital
Resources” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Note 2 Our Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenue upon shipment or delivery to our customers based on written sales terms that do not
allow for a right of return. However, our policy for DSD and certain chilled products is to remove and replace
damaged and out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality
and freshness they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace
damaged and out-of-date products. Based on our experience with this practice, we have reserved for
anticipated damaged and out-of-date products. For additional unaudited information on our revenue
recognition and related policies, including our policy on bad debts, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies”
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
We are exposed to concentration of credit risk from our major customers, including Wal-Mart. In 2016, sales
to Wal-Mart (including Sam’s) represented approximately 13% of our total net revenue, including concentrate
sales to our independent bottlers, which are used in finished goods sold by them to Wal-Mart. We have not
experienced credit issues with these customers.
Total Marketplace Spending
We offer sales incentives and discounts through various programs to customers and consumers. Total
marketplace spending includes sales incentives, discounts, advertising and other marketing activities. Sales
incentives and discounts are primarily accounted for as a reduction of revenue and include payments to
customers for performing merchandising activities on our behalf, such as payments for in-store displays,
payments to gain distribution of new products, payments for shelf space and discounts to promote lower
retail prices. It also includes support provided to our independent bottlers through funding of advertising and
other marketing activities. While most of these incentive arrangements have terms of no more than one year,
certain arrangements, such as fountain pouring rights, may extend beyond one year. Costs incurred to obtain
these arrangements are recognized over the shorter of the economic or contractual life, primarily as a reduction
of revenue, and the remaining balances of $291 million as of December 31, 2016 and $321 million as of
December 26, 2015 are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets on our balance
sheet. For additional unaudited information on our sales incentives, see “Our Critical Accounting Policies”
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
86