Failure to realize anticipated beneﬁts from our productivity initiatives or global operating model could
have an adverse impact on our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
Our future success and earnings growth depend, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve
efficiencies. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of
operations. We continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future
success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more
efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. We are also continuing
to implement our global operating model to improve efficiency, decision making, innovation and brand
management across the global PepsiCo organization to enable us to compete more effectively. Further, in
order to continue to capitalize on our cost reduction efforts and our global operating model, it will be necessary
to make certain investments in our business, which may be limited due to capital constraints. Some of these
measures could yield unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and
employees, reduced employee morale and productivity, and unexpected additional employee attrition,
including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. It is critical that we have the appropriate personnel
in place to continue to lead and execute our plans, including to effectively manage personnel adjustments
and transitions resulting from these initiatives and increased competition for employees with the skills
necessary to implement our plans. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives
and global operating model as planned, fail to implement these initiatives as timely as we anticipate, do not
achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives or incur higher than expected or unanticipated costs
in implementing these initiatives, fail to identify and implement additional productivity opportunities in the
future, or fail to successfully manage business disruptions or unexpected employee consequences on our
workforce, morale or productivity, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, which could
adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
If we are unable to recruit, hire or retain key employees or a highly skilled and diverse workforce, it could
have a negative impact on our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
Our continued growth requires us to recruit, hire, retain and develop our leadership bench and a highly skilled
and diverse workforce. We compete to recruit and hire new employees and then must train them and develop
their skills and competencies. Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies
and our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to retain, develop and motivate highly
skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Any unplanned turnover or unsuccessful implementation
of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions, including the Chief Executive Officer, or to
hire and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce could deplete our institutional knowledge base and
erode our competitive advantage or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees,
higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect
our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.
The loss oﬂ or a signiﬁcant reduction in sales to, any key customer or changes to the retail landscape
could adversely aﬂect our business, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations.
Our customers include wholesale and other distributors, foodservice customers, grocery stores, drug stores,
convenience stores, discount/dollar stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, e-commerce retailers
and authorized independent bottlers, among others. We must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with
our key customers, including Wal-Mart, to compete effectively. The loss of any of our key customers or a
significant reduction in sales to a key customer could adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. In addition, our industry has been affected by changes to the retail landscape, including
increased consolidation of retail ownership and purchasing power, particularly in North America, Europe
and Latin America, resulting in large retailers with increased purchasing power, which may impact our ability
23