Gains and losses resulting from actual experience differing from our assumptions, including the difference
between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets, and from changes in our
assumptions are determined at each measurement date. These differences are recognized as a component of
net gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive loss. If this net accumulated gain or loss exceeds 10%
of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or plan liabilities, a portion of the net gain or loss is
included in expense for the following year based upon the average remaining service period of active plan
participants, which in 2016 was approximately 11 years for pension expense and approximately 7 years for
retiree medical expense. The cost or benefit of plan changes that increase or decrease benefits for prior
employee service (prior service (credit)/cost) is included in earnings on a straight-line basis over the average
remaining service period of active plan participants.
In 2016, we approved an amendment to reorganize the US. qualified defined benefit pension plans that
resulted in the combination of two plans effective December 31, 2016, and the spinoff of a portion of the
combined plan into a pre-existing plan effective January 1, 2017. The benefits offered to the plans’ participants
were unchanged. The result of the reorganization was the creation of the PepsiCo Employees Retirement
Plan A, or active plan, and the PepsiCo Employees Retirement Plan I, or inactive plan. The reorganization
was made to facilitate a targeted investment strategy over time and to provide additional ﬂexibility in
evaluating opportunities to reduce risk and volatility. Actuarial gains and losses associated with the active
plan will continue to be amortized over the average remaining service life of the active participants
(approximately 11 years beginning in 2017), while the actuarial gains and losses associated with the inactive
plan will be amortized over the remaining life expectancy of the inactive participants (approximately 27
years beginning in 2017). As a result of these changes, benefit plan pre-tax expense is expected to decrease
by approximately $40 million in 2017, primarily impacting corporate unallocated.
106