the presentation of certain functional support costs associated with the manufacturing and production of our
products within cost of sales. These costs were previously included in selling, general and administrative
expenses. For the years ended December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014, these reclassifications resulted
in an increase in cost of sales of $347 million and $354 million, respectively, with a corresponding reduction
to gross profit and selling, general and administrative expenses in the same years. These reclassifications
reﬂect changes in how we are classifying costs of certain support functions as a result of ongoing productivity
and efficiency initiatives. These reclassifications had no impact on our consolidated net revenue, operating
profit, net interest expense, provision for income taxes, net income or EPS.
Our Divisions
Through our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market,
distribute and sell a wide variety of convenient and enjoyable beverages, foods and snacks, serving customers
and consumers in more than 200 countries and territories with our largest operations in North America,
Mexico, Russia, the United Kingdom and Brazil. Division results are based on how our Chief Executive
Officer assesses the performance of and allocates resources to our divisions and are considered our reportable
segments. For additional unaudited information on our divisions, see “Our Operations” contained in “Item
1. Business.” The accounting policies for the divisions are the same as those described in Note 2, except for
the following allocation methodologies:
- share-based compensation expense,
- pension and retiree medical expense; and
- derivatives.
Share-Based Compensation Expense
Our divisions are held accountable for share-based compensation expense and, therefore, this expense is
allocated to our divisions as an incremental employee compensation cost. The allocation of share-based
compensation expense in 2016 was approximately 14% to FLNA, 2% to QFNA, 22% to NAB, 7% to Latin
America, 11% to ESSA, 10% to AMENA and 34% to corporate unallocated expenses. We had similar
allocations of share-based compensation expense to our divisions in 2015 and 2014. The expense allocated
to our divisions excludes any impact of changes in our assumptions during the year which reﬂect market
conditions over which division management has no control. Therefore, any variances between allocated
expense and our actual expense are recognized in corporate unallocated expenses.
Pension and Retiree Medical Expense
Pension and retiree medical service costs measured at fixed discount rates, as well as amortization of costs
related to certain pension plan amendments and gains and losses due to demographics (including mortality
assumptions and salary experience) are reﬂected in division results for North American employees. Division
results also include interest costs, measured at fixed discount rates, for retiree medical plans. Interest costs
for the pension plans, pension asset returns and the impact of pension funding, and gains and losses other
than those due to demographics, are all reﬂected in corporate unallocated expenses. In addition, for our North
American plans, corporate unallocated expenses include the difference between the service costs measured
at a fixed discount rate (included in division results as noted above) and the total service costs determined
using the plans” discount rates as disclosed in Note 7.
Derivatives
We centrally manage commodity derivatives on behalf of our divisions. These commodity derivatives include
agricultural products, energy and metals. Commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting
treatment are marked to market each period with the resulting gains and losses recorded in corporate
unallocated expenses as either cost of sales or selling, general and administrative expenses, depending on
82