2016 PepsiCo Annual Report I 11
creating well—paying jobs, along with the promise of long, 7 _:" t ‘
successful careers, for hardworking men and women c
from a variety of backgrounds, including notjust MBAs _ r; a ‘ A
and scientists, but also truck drivers, farmers and factory v at w 7—9 i w
workers with all kinds of skills. ' :
But we’re also doing our part to be a good neighbor in :73 3 i
a number of other ways, from PepsiCo Gives Back, a day
of service when hundreds of associates volunteered in the '
New York City area, to our efforts supporting the people
of Flint, Michigan in the wake of the water crisis. Working I ‘ t
with civic leaders and other partners, we donated roughly
6.5 million bottles of water and opened help centers 1t l1
where Flint residents could get everything from lead V r W W jh ‘
mitigating foods, to mental and physical health services,
to personal care items and other essentials. PepsiCo and the MyShelter Foundation continue to expand Liter of Light, an
That same Spirit, that same commitment to being innovative program that uses recycled bottles to create home and street lamps
, reqUiring no electriCity.
good neighbors, was felt around the world over the
past year— from Mexico, where Quaker launched a
PeanOat malnutrition prevention trial with more than Together, were part Of 0 QFOWthg mOVemeht— C1 mOVemeht 0t not
1000 [aw—income children, to the UK, where we are sup- only business leaders but also elected leaders, investors, employees,
porting Magic Breakfast, a charity offering more than NGOs, and scholars —that is redeﬁning what it means to be a success-
30,000 children (1 healthy stdrt to their ddy, to Pakistan, fUl corporation. We’re rewriting the rules Oi: capitalism in a way that
where we tripled the number or girls beneﬁting from our emphasizes a broader perspective, an intergenerational approach —
"I am PepsiCo” mentoring and scholarship program, an approach that's focused on succeeding notjust from one quarter to
or course, we cannot and should not try to solve an another, but one year to another, one decade to another; an approach
at the world's problems, But we also know we can make that’s not only aimed at delivering a superior level of performance, but
a difference. And by doing so, we are not only fostering gUiCled by 0 deep sense 0t purpose-
the kind of widespread public support Upon which the That kind of more expansive approach, that kind Oi: more holistic per-
sueeess at our company_ like any consumer goods spective reminds me of a passage by the renowned Vietnamese monk
company—depends, we dre disc lending d hand to Thich Nhat Hanh. Hanh is describing everything that goes into making
people who need it, meeting our responsibilities as fellow 0 piece Of pOper- It we [00k really hard into 0 piece 0t paper, he writes,
citizens at the countries we can name we can see a cloud ﬂoating in it. Because without clouds, there can be
A healthymture for all our stakeholders no rain. And without rain, there can be no trees. And without trees, there
can be no paper.
At 0 time When people Ground the world are questioning And if we look even harder into that piece of paper, he continues, we
the Fete 0t capitalism: OSkihg tOUgh qUeStiOhS GbOUt the can see the logger who cut down the tree and brought it to the mill. The
relationship between companies and the societies where ﬁelds of wheat that yield his daily bread. And the family and community
they Operate, we've been Offering an answer for 10 YeOrS, that support him. Because without all these things, a single piece of
standing as a model for others to follow. paper cannot exist,
Our Oppreeeh is rooted in C1 tew Simple beliefs: We don't Thich Nhat Hanh may have been writing about a piece of paper. But
JUSt went to Change the way we Spend mOheY- We want that same lesson applies to a bottle of Gatorade, a bowl of Quaker Oats,
to Change the way we make it- We dOh'tiUSt went to be 0 a glass ofTropicana, or anything made by human hands and human
greet compehY- We went to be 0 900d compehY- We dOh't ingenuity. And I’m conﬁdent that so long as we continue embracing that
JUSt went to SUCCeed over the Short term- We also went to perspective in our business — wholeheartedly and unwaveringly— we’ll
succeed over the [Chg term- continue delivering healthy ﬁnancial returns for our shareholders, and
That's the Opproeeh we've been tellOWihg for 0 deeOde- building a healthier future for all our stakeholders, not only in 2017, but
That's the approach we’ll continue following over the for many years to come.
coming decade with our Performance with Purpose 2025 , Indra K. Nooyi
agenda. And that's the approach an increasing number i . i ' _ . PepsiCo Chairman otthe
of other companies in the US. and around the world are 597 Board of Directors and
. V V ' , - » - Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
embraCing as well. e ‘ “ r
‘ l.
— ‘v @ * ’ ’ 7 ’foo'——7—'oo”
PW - ©/\ enr/ (NW {Wt—WWW?
Q A Q )l aﬂn AOOOLUQOUJOOO