as marketplace participants, product life cycles, market share, consumer awareness, brand history and future
expansion expectations, amount and timing of future cash ﬂows and the discount rate applied to the cash
ﬂows.
We believe that a brand has an indefinite life if it has a history of strong revenue and cash ﬂow performance
and we have the intent and ability to support the brand with marketplace spending for the foreseeable future.
If these perpetual brand criteria are not met, brands are amortized over their expected useful lives, which
generally range from 20 to 40 years. Determining the expected life of a brand requires management judgment
and is based on an evaluation of a number of factors, including market share, consumer awareness, brand
history, future expansion expectations and regulatory restrictions, as well as the macroeconomic environment
of the countries in which the brand is sold.
In connection with previous acquisitions, we reacquired certain franchise rights which provided the exclusive
and perpetual rights to manufacture and/ or distribute beverages for sale in specified territories. In determining
the useful life of these franchise rights, many factors were considered, including the pre-existing perpetual
bottling arrangements, the indefinite period expected for these franchise rights to contribute to our future
cash ﬂows, as well as the lack of any factors that would limit the useful life of these franchise rights to us,
including legal, regulatory, contractual, competitive, economic or other factors. Therefore, certain of these
franchise rights are considered as indefinite-lived, with the balance amortized over the remaining contractual
period of the contract in which the right was granted.
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and are assessed for impairment at least
annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our
third quarter. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it
is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic, industry and
competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant
changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not
that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed.
The quantitative assessment requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash ﬂows or income
consistent with management’s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity growth
assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted-average cost of capital)
based on market data available at the time. Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate the
impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors to estimate future levels of sales, operating
profit or cash ﬂows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for nonamortizable intangible assets,
such as forecasted growth rates and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best available market
information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans. These assumptions could be
adversely impacted by certain of the risks described in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Our Business Risks.”
See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on performing the quantitative
assessment.
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating
or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash ﬂows indicates impairment,
the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash ﬂows.
We did not recognize any impairment charges for goodwill in each of the fiscal years ended December 31,
2016, December 26, 2015 and December 27, 2014. We recognized no material impairment charges for
nonamortizable intangible assets in each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016, December 26, 2015
and December 27, 2014. As of December 3 1, 2016, the estimated fair values of our indefinite-lived reacquired
and acquired franchise rights recorded at NAB exceeded their carrying values. However, there could be an
impairment of the carrying value of NAB’s reacquired and acquired franchise rights if future revenues and
49