Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1 Basis of Presentation and Our Divisions
Basis of Presentation
The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US. GAAP and include the
consolidated accounts of PepsiCo, Inc. and the affiliates that we control. In addition, we include our share
of the results of certain other affiliates using the equity method based on our economic ownership interest,
our ability to exercise significant inﬂuence over the operating or financial decisions of these affiliates or our
ability to direct their economic resources. We do not control these other affiliates, as our ownership in these
other affiliates is generally 50% or less. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated.
Raw materials, direct labor and plant overhead, as well as purchasing and receiving costs, costs directly
related to production planning, inspection costs and raw materials handling facilities, are included in cost of
sales. The costs of moving, storing and delivering finished product are included in selling, general and
administrative expenses.
The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities. Estimates are used in determining, among other items, sales incentives accruals, tax reserves,
share-based compensation, pension and retiree medical accruals, amounts and useful lives for intangible
assets and future cash ﬂows associated with impairment testing for perpetual brands, goodwill and other
long-lived assets. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as
other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust
or revise our estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their effect cannot be determined with
precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates.
Effective as of the end of the third quarter of 20 1 5, we deconsolidated our Venezuelan subsidiaries from our
consolidated financial statements and began accounting for our investments in our wholly-owned Venezuelan
subsidiaries and joint venture using the cost method of accounting. See subsequent discussion of “Venezuela.”
Our fiscal year ends on the last Saturday of each December, resulting in an additional week of results every
five or six years. Our fiscal 2016 results include an extra week. While our North America results are reported
on a weekly calendar basis, most of our international operations report on a monthly calendar basis. Certain
operations in our ESSA segment report on a weekly calendar basis. The following chart details our quarterly
reporting schedule for 2016, reﬂecting the extra week in the fourth quarter:
Quarter 7 United States and Canada 7 International 7
First Quarter 12 weeks January, February I
Second Quarter 12 weeks March, April and May
lThird Quarter 12 weeks June, July and August I
Fourth Quarter 17 weeks September, October, November and December
See “Our Divisions” below, and for additional unaudited information on items affecting the comparability
of our consolidated results, see further unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability” in
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
Unless otherwise noted, tabular dollars are in millions, except per share amounts. All per share amounts
reﬂect common per share amounts, assume dilution unless noted, and are based on unrounded amounts.
Reclassifications were made to prior years” amounts to conform to the current year presentation, including
81