OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS
Results of Operations Consolidated Review
In the discussions of net revenue and operating profit below, “effective net pricing” reﬂects the year-over-
year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities and mix resulting from selling varying
products in different package sizes and in different countries and “net pricing” reﬂects the year-over—year
combined impact of list price changes, weight changes per package, discounts and allowances. Additionally,
“acquisitions and divestitures,” except as otherwise noted, reﬂect all mergers and acquisitions activity,
including the impact of acquisitions, divestitures and changes in ownership or control in consolidated
subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity investees. The impact of the structural change related to the
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses is presented separately.
Volume
Our beverage volume in the NAB, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA segments reﬂects sales to authorized
bottlers, independent distributors and retailers, as well as the sale of beverages bearing Company-owned or
licensed trademarks that have been sold through our authorized independent bottlers. Bottler case sales (BCS)
and concentrate shipments and equivalents (CSE) are not necessarily equal during any given period due to
seasonality, timing of product launches, product mix, bottler inventory practices and other factors. While our
beverage revenues are not entirely based on BCS volume, as there are independent bottlers in the supply
chain, we believe that BCS is a valuable measure as it quantifies the sell-through of our beverage products
at the consumer level. Sales of products from our unconsolidated joint ventures are reﬂected in our repOIted
volume. NAB, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA, either independently or in conjunction with third parties,
make, market, distribute and sell ready-to-drink tea products through a joint venture with Unilever (under
the Lipton brand name), and NAB further, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes,
markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink coffee products through a joint venture with Starbucks. In
addition, AMENA licenses the Tropicana brand for use in China on co-branded juice products in connection
with a strategic alliance with Tingyi.
Our food and snacks volume in the FLNA, QFNA, Latin America, ESSA and AMENA segments is repOIted
on a system-wide basis, which includes our own sales and the sales by our noncontrolled affiliates of snacks
bearing Company-owned or licensed trademarks.
Servings
Since our divisions each use different measures of physical unit volume (i.e., kilos, gallons, pounds and case
sales), a common servings metric is necessary to reﬂect our consolidated physical unit volume. Our divisions”
physical volume measures are conveIted into servings based onU. S. Food and Drug Administration guidelines
for single-serving sizes of our products.
In 2016 and 2015, total servings increased 3% and 1% compared to 2015 and 2014, respectively. Excluding
the impact of the 53rd reporting week, total servings in 20 16 increased 2% compared to 20 1 5. Servings growth
reﬂects adjustments to the prior year results for divestitures and other structural changes, including the
deconsolidation of our Venezuelan businesses effective as of the end of the third quarter of 2015.
54