Other SigniﬁcantAccounting Policies
Our other significant accounting policies are disclosed as follows:
- Basis of Presentation — Note 1 - Basis of Presentation for a description of our policies regarding use
of estimates, basis of presentation and consolidation.
- Property, Plant ana1 Equipment — Note 4.
- Income Taxes — Note 5, and for additional unaudited information see, “Our Critical Accounting
Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.
° Share-Based Compensation — Note 6.
- Pension, Retiree Medical and Savings Plans — Note 7, and for additional unaudited information, see
“Our Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations.
- Financial Instruments — Note 9, and for additional unaudited information, see “Our Business Risks”
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
- Inventories — Note 13. Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is
determined using the average, first-in, first-out (FIFO) or last-in, first-out (LIFO) methods.
- Translation of Financial Statements of Foreign Subsidiaries — Financial statements of foreign
subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars using period-end exchange rates for assets and liabilities
and weighted-average exchange rates for revenues and expenses. Adjustments resulting from
translating net assets are reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive loss
within common shareholders” equity as currency translation adjustment.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements - Adopted
In 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance to clarify how certain cash
receipts and payments should be presented in the cash ﬂow statement. The guidance is effective in 2018 with
early adoption permitted. We early adOpted the provisions of this guidance retrospectively during our fourth
quarter of 20 1 6, including in connection with the debt redemption discussed in Note 8; the adoption did not
have a material impact on our financial statements.
In 2015, the FASB issued guidance that changes the subsequent measurement for certain inventory methods
from the lower of cost or market to the lower of cost and net realizable value. We adopted the provisions of
this guidance during our fourth quarter of 20 1 6; the adoption did not have a material impact on our financial
statements.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements - Not YetAdopted
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance to clarify how restricted cash should be presented in the cash ﬂow
statement. The guidance is effective in 2018 with early adoption permitted. The guidance is not expected to
have a material impact on our financial statements. We are currently evaluating the timing of adoption of
this guidance.
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the impairment model for most financial assets and certain
other instruments. For trade and other receivables, held-to-maturity debt securities, loans and other
instruments, entities will be required to use a new forward-looking expected loss model that will replace
today’s incurred loss model and generally will result in earlier recognition of allowances for losses. For
available-for—sale debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar
to current practice, except that the losses will be recognized as an allowance. The guidance is effective in
2020 with early adoption permitted in 2019. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our
financial statements and the timing of adoption.
89