Net income attributable to PepsiCo increased 16% and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share
increased 19%. Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) positively contributed
12 percentage points to net income attributable to PepsiCo and 13 percentage points to net income attributable
to PepsiCo per common share.
2015
Net interest expense increased $87 million, reﬂecting higher rates on our debt balances and lower gains on
the market value of investments used to economically hedge a portion of our deferred compensation costs.
The reported tax rate increased 1.0 percentage point reﬂecting the impact of the Venezuela impairment
charges, which had no accompanying tax benefit, partially offset by the favorable resolution with the IRS
of substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 and 2011.
Net income attributable to PepsiCo decreased 16% and net income attributable to PepsiCo per common share
decreased 14%. Items affecting comparability (see “Items Affecting Comparability”) negatively impacted
net income attributable to PepsiCo by 12 percentage points and net income attributable to PepsiCo per
common share by 13 percentage points.
Non- GAAP Measures
Certain financial measures contained in this Form 10-K adjust for the impact of specified items and are not
in accordance with US. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). We use non-GAAP financial
measures internally to make operating and strategic decisions, including the preparation of our annual
operating plan, evaluation of our overall business performance and as a factor in determining compensation
for certain employees. We believe presenting non-GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K provides
additional information to facilitate comparison of our historical operating results and trends in our underlying
operating results, and provides additional transparency on how we evaluate our business. We also believe
presenting these measures in this Form 10-K allows investors to View our performance using the same
measures that we use in evaluating our financial and business performance and trends.
We consider quantitative and qualitative factors in assessing whether to adjust for the impact of items that
may be significant or that could affect an understanding of our ongoing financial and business performance
or trends. Examples of items for which we may make adjustments include: amounts related to mark-to-market
gains or losses (non-cash); gains or losses associated with mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and other
structural changes; charges related to restructuring programs; asset impairments (non-cash), amounts related
to the resolution of tax positions; pension and retiree medical related items, debt redemptions, and
remeasurements of net monetary assets. See below and “Items Affecting Comparability” for a description
of adjustments to our US. GAAP financial measures in this Form 10-K.
Non-GAAP information should be considered as supplemental in nature and is not meant to be considered
in isolation or as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with US. GAAP.
In addition, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be the same as or comparable to similar non-GAAP
measures presented by other companies.
The following non-GAAP financial measures are contained in this 2016 Form 10-K:
0 operating profit/loss, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and net income attributable to
PepsiCo per common share — diluted, adjusted for items affecting comparability, and the
corresponding constant currency growth rates;
- organic revenue,
- free cash ﬂow; and
- ROIC and net ROIC, excluding items affecting comparability.
57