Item 2. Properties.
Our principal executive offices located in Purchase, New York and our facilities located in Plano, Texas, all
of which we own, are our most significant corporate properties.
Each division utilizes plants, warehouses, distribution centers, offices and other facilities, either owned or
leased, in connection with making, marketing, distributing and selling our products. The approximate number
of such facilities utilized by each division is as follows:
Latin
FLNA QFNA NAB America ESSA AMENA Shared”)
lPlants “9 35 5 7o 55 100 50 5 [
Other Facilities <°) 1,675 3 465 575 365 360 35
(a) Shared properties are in addition to the other properties reported by our six divisions identified in this table. QFNA shares 13 warehouse and
distribution centers with NAB and FLNA. QFNA also shares two warehouse and distribution centers and one research and development
laboratory with NAB. F LNA shares one plant with Latin America. NAB, ESSA and AMENA share two plants. Latin America, NAB and
AMENA share one concentrate plant. Latin America and AMENA share an additional concentrate plant. Approximately 20 offices support
shared functions.
(b) Includes manufacturing and processing plants as well as bottling and production plants.
(c) Includes warehouses, distribution centers, oﬁices, including division headquarters, research and development facilities and other facilities.
Significant properties by division included in the table above are as follows:
- FLNA’s research facility in Plano, Texas, which is owned.
- QFNA’s food plant in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, which is owned.
- NAB ’s research and development facility in Valhalla, New York, and a Tropicana plant in Bradenton,
Florida, both of which are owned.
- Latin America’s four snack plants in Mexico (two in Vallejo, one in Celaya and one in Monterrey)
and one in Brazil (S orocaba), all of which are owned.
- ES SA’s snack plant in Leicester, United Kingdom, which is leased; its snack plant in Kashira, Russia,
its food and snack research and development facility in Leicester, United Kingdom, its fruit juice
plant in Zeebrugge, Belgium, its beverage plant in Lebedyan, Russia and its dairy plant in Moscow,
Russia, all of which are owned.
- AMENA’s beverage plants in Sixth of October City and Tanta City, Egypt, Rayong, Thailand and
Amman, Jordan, and its snack plants in Sixth of October City, Egypt and Queensland, Australia, all
of which are owned; and Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, which is leased.
- Two concentrate plants in Cork, Ireland, which are shared by our NAB, ESSA and AMENA divisions,
both of which are owned.
- Shared service centers in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and Plano, Texas, which are primarily
shared by our FLNA, QFNA and NAB divisions, both of which are leased.
Most of our plants are owned or leased on a long-term basis. In addition to company- owned or leased properties
described above, we also utilize a highly distributed network of plants, warehouses and distribution centers
that are owned or leased by our contract manufacturers, co-packers, strategic alliances or joint ventures in
which we have an equity interest. We believe that our properties generally are in good operating condition
and, taken as a whole, are suitable, adequate and of sufficient capacity for our current operations.
28