GLOSSARY
Acquisitions and divestitures: all mergers and acquisitions activity, including the impact of acquisitions,
divestitures and changes in ownership or control in consolidated subsidiaries and nonconsolidated equity
investees.
Bottler Case Sales (BCS): measure of physical beverage volume shipped to retailers and independent
distributors from both PepsiCo and our independent bottlers.
Bottler funding: financial incentives we give to our independent bottlers to assist in the distribution and
promotion of our beverage products.
Concentrate Shipments and Equivalents (CSE): measure of our physical beverage volume shipments to
independent bottlers, retailers and independent distributors.
Constant currency: financial results assuming constant foreign currency exchange rates used for translation
based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period. In order to compute our constant currency
results, we multiply or divide, as appropriate, our current year US. dollar results by the current year average
foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide, as appropriate, those amounts by the prior year average
foreign exchange rates.
Consumers: people who eat and drink our products.
CSD: carbonated soft drinks.
Customers: authorized independent bottlers, distributors and retailers.
Derivatives: financial instruments, such as futures, swaps, Treasury locks, cross currency swaps and forward
contracts that we use to manage our risk arising from changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign
exchange rates.
Direct-Store-Delivery (DSD): delivery system used by us and our independent bottlers to deliver snacks
and beverages directly to retail stores where our products are merchandised.
Effective net pricing: reﬂects the year-over-year impact of discrete pricing actions, sales incentive activities
and mix resulting from selling varying products in different package sizes and in different countries.
Free cash ﬂow: net cash provided by operating activities less capital spending plus sales of property, plant
and equipment.
Hedge accounting: treatment for qualifying hedges that allows ﬂuctuations in a hedging instrument’s fair
value to offset corresponding ﬂuctuations in the hedged item in the same reporting period. Hedge accounting
is allowed only in cases where the hedging relationship between the hedging instruments and hedged items
is highly effective, and only prospectively from the date a hedging relationship is formally documented.
Independent bottlers: customers to whom we have granted exclusive contracts to sell and manufacture
certain beverage products bearing our trademarks within a specific geographical area.
Mark-to-market net gain or loss: change in market value for commodity derivative contracts that we
purchase to mitigate the volatility in costs of energy and raw materials that we consume. The market value
is determined based on prices on national exchanges and recently reported transactions in the marketplace.
129