Our Liquidity and Capital Resources
We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our revolving credit
facilities and other available methods of debt financing, such as commercial paper borrowings and long-term
debt financing, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. Our primary sources
of cash available to fund cash outﬂows, such as our anticipated share repurchases, dividend payments and
scheduled debt maturities, include cash from operations and proceeds obtained from issuances of commercial
paper and long-term debt. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit
markets will not impair our ability to access these markets on terms commercially acceptable to us, or at all.
See Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our credit facilities. See also “Our
Business Risks” and “Unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse impact on our business,
financial condition or results of operations.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
As of December 31, 2016, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments in our consolidated
subsidiaries of $ 1 5.2 billion outside the United States. As of December 31, 2016, cash, cash equivalents and
short-term investments in our consolidated subsidiaries subject to currency controls or currency exchange
restrictions were not material. To the extent foreign earnings are repatriated, such amounts would be subject
to income tax liabilities, both in the United States and in various applicable foreign jurisdictions.
Furthermore, our cash provided from operating activities is somewhat impacted by seasonality. Working
capital needs are impacted by weekly sales, which are generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal
and holiday-related sales patterns, and generally lowest in the first quarter. On a continuing basis, we consider
various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions,
divestitures, joint ventures, dividends, share repurchases, productivity and other efficiency initiatives, and
other structural changes. These transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments.
The table below summarizes our cash activity:
2016 2015 2014
[Net cash provided by operating activities SS 10,404 75$ 10,580 7”$ 10,506 I
Net cash used for investing activities $ (7,148) $ (3,569) $ (4,937)
[Net cash used for financing activities 8 (2,942) 8 (3,828) $ (8,264)}
Operating Activities
During 2016, net cash provided by Operating activities was $10.4 billion, compared to $10.6 billion in the
prior year. The operating cash ﬂow performance reﬂects discretionary pension contributions of $459 million.
In addition, working capital (comprised of changes in accounts and notes receivable, inventories, prepaid
expenses and other current assets, and accounts payable and other current liabilities, each adjusted for the
effects of currency translation) reﬂects unfavorable comparisons to the prior year. These decreases were
partially offset by lower net cash tax payments in the current year.
During 2015, net cash provided by Operating activities was $10.6 billion, compared to $10.5 billion in the
prior year. The operating cash ﬂow performance in part reﬂects lapping the impact of prior-year discretionary
pension and retiree medical contributions, pertaining to the lump sum settlement payments, in the United
States of $3 8 8 million ($26 1 million after-tax). In addition, working capital (comprised of changes in accounts
and notes receivable, inventories, prepaid expenses and other current assets, and accounts payable and other
current liabilities, each adjusted for the effects of currency translation and the Venezuela deconsolidation)
reﬂects favorable comparisons to the prior year. These increases were partially offset by unfavorable operating
profit performance.
72