In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that changes the accounting for certain aspects of share-based payments
to employees. The guidance requires the recognition in the income statement of the income tax effects of
vested or settled awards on a prospective basis. Additionally, within the cash ﬂow statement, the guidance
requires the excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements to be presented within operating
activities and withholding tax payments upon vesting of restricted stock units (RSUs), performance stock
units (PSUs) and PepsiCo equity performance units (PEPunits) to be presented within financing activities.
We will apply the change in the presentation on the cash ﬂow statement retrospectively. The guidance also
allows for the employer to repurchase more of an employee’s shares for tax withholding purposes and not
classify the award as a liability that requires valuation on a mark-to-market basis. In addition, the guidance
allows for a policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. We will continue to apply our policy of
estimating forfeiture rates. We will adopt this guidance beginning in the first quarter of 20 17 and the impact
on our financial statements will be dependent on the timing of award vesting or exercises, our tax rate and
the intrinsic value when awards vest or are exercised. For the years 2016 and 2015, our excess tax benefits
recognized were $110 million and $107 million, respectively. If we had applied this standard in 2016 and
2015, the impact would have been a $0.07 increase to EPS in both years. For the years 2016 and 2015, the
impact to our operating cash ﬂow was an increase of $269 million and $284 million, respectively.
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that eliminates the requirement that an investor retrospectively apply
equity method accounting for an investment originally accounted for by another method. The guidance
requires that an equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the
current basis of the investor’s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the
date the ability to exercise significant inﬂuence is achieved. The guidance is effective and we will adopt
prospectively beginning in the first quarter of 2017.
In 2016, the FASB issued guidance that requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheets, but
record expenses on their income statements in a manner similar to current accounting. For lessors, the guidance
modifies the classification criteria and the accounting for sales-type and direct financing leases. The guidance
is effective in 2019 with early adoption permitted. We expect this adOption will result in an increase in the
assets and liabilities on our balance sheet. We commenced our assessment of the impact of the guidance on
our current lease portfolio from both a lessor and lessee perspective. See Note 13 for our minimum lease
payments under non-cancelable operating leases.
In 20 16, the FASB issued guidance that requires companies to measure investments in certain equity securities
at fair value and recognize any changes in fair value in net income. The guidance is effective in 2018 and
early adoption is not permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial
statements, including the impact on certain of our investments in noncontrolled affiliates and our available-
for-sale securities. See Note 9 for further information on our available-for—sale securities.
In 2015, the FASB issued guidance that requires companies to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities
as noncurrent on the balance sheet. The guidance is effective and we will adopt retrospectively beginning in
the first quarter of 2017. The impact of the guidance to our 2016 balance sheet is a reclassification of $639
million of assets from current to non-current on our balance sheet. See Note 5 for further information on
deferred taxes.
In 2014, the FASB issued guidance on revenue recognition, with final amendments issued in 2016. The
guidance provides for a five-step model to determine the revenue recognized for the transfer of goods or
services to customers that reﬂects the expected entitled consideration in exchange for those goods or services.
It also provides clarification for principal versus agent considerations and identifying performance
obligations. In addition, the FASB introduced practical expedients related to disclosures of remaining
performance obligations, as well as other amendments to guidance on collectability, non-cash consideration
and the presentation of sales and other similar taxes. Financial statement disclosures required under the
guidance will enable users to understand the nature, amount, timing, judgments and uncertainty of revenue
90