accounting. We reduced the value of the cost method investments to their estimated fair values, resulting in
a full impairment. The factors that led to our conclusions at the end of the third quarter of 2015 continued
to exist through the end of 2016. For further information, please refer to Note 1 to our consolidated financial
statements and “Items Affecting Comparability.”
Beginning in the fourth quarter of 20 1 5, our financial results have not included the results of our Venezuelan
businesses. We do not have any guarantees related to our Venezuelan entities, and our ongoing contractual
commitments to our Venezuelan businesses are not material. We will recognize income from dividends and
sales of inventory to our Venezuelan entities, which have not been and are not expected to be material, to
the extent cash in U.S. dollars is received. We did not receive any cash in U.S. dollars from our Venezuelan
entities during the fourth quarter of 2015 or fiscal year 2016. We will continue to monitor the conditions in
Venezuela and their impact on our accounting and disclosures. In 2015, the results of our operations in
Venezuela, which include the months of January through August, generated 2% of net revenue and 2% of
operating profit, prior to the impairment charges of $1.4 billion.
Interest Rates
Our interest rate derivatives had a total notional value of $11.2 billion as of December 31, 2016 and $12.5
billion as of December 26, 2015. Assuming year-end 2016 investment levels and variable rate debt, a 1-
percentage-point increase in interest rates would have decreased our net interest expense in 2016 by $20
million due to higher cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments levels as compared with our
variable rate debt.
OUR CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
An appreciation of our critical accounting policies is necessary to understand our financial results. These
policies may require management to make difficult and subjective judgments regarding uncertainties, and
as a result, such estimates may significantly impact our financial results. The precision of these estimates
and the likelihood of future changes depend on a number of underlying variables and a range of possible
outcomes. Other than our accounting for pension and retiree medical plans, our critical accounting policies
do not involve a choice between alternative methods of accounting. With the exception of our change in 2016
to the full yield approach to estimate the service and interest cost components for our pension and retiree
medical plans as described below, we applied our critical accounting policies and estimation methods
consistently in all material respects, and for all periods presented. We have discussed our critical accounting
policies with our Audit Committee.
Our critical accounting policies are:
- revenue recognition;
- goodwill and other intangible assets,
- income tax expense and accruals; and
- pension and retiree medical plans.
Revenue Recognition
Our products are sold for cash or on credit terms. Our credit terms, which are established in accordance with
local and industry practices, typically require payment within 30 days of delivery in the United States, and
generally within 30 to 90 days internationally, and may allow discounts for early payment. We recognize
revenue upon shipment or delivery to our customers based on written sales terms that do not allow for a right
of return. However, our policy for DSD and certain chilled products is to remove and replace damaged and
out-of-date products from store shelves to ensure that consumers receive the product quality and freshness
they expect. Similarly, our policy for certain warehouse-distributed products is to replace damaged and out-
47