is material arises in the future, there may be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or
results of operations. Defending ourselves from claims, including non-meritorious claims, may also require
us to incur significant expense and devote significant resources, and may generate adverse publicity that may
damage our reputation or brand image, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition or results of operations.
Many factors may adversely affect the price of our publicly traded securities.
Many factors may adversely affect the price of our common stock and publicly traded debt. Such factors,
some of which are beyond our control, may include, but are not limited to: unfavorable economic conditions;
changes in financial or tax reporting and changes in accounting principles or practices that materially affect
our reported financial condition and results; investor perceptions of our business, strategies and performance
or those of our competitors; actions by shareholders or others seeking to inﬂuence our business strategies;
speculation by the media or investment community regarding our business, strategies and performance or
those of our competitors; trading activity in our securities or trading activity in derivative instruments with
respect to our securities; changes in our credit ratings; the impact of our share repurchase programs or dividend
policy; and the outcome of referenda and elections. In addition, corporate actions, such as those we may or
may not take from time to time as part of our continuous review of our corporate structure and our strategy,
including as a result of business, legal, regulatory and taX considerations, may not have the impact we intend
and may adversely affect the price of our securities. The above factors, as well as the other risks included in
this “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” could adversely affect the price of our securities.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the SEC
that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our 2016 fiscal year and that remain unresolved.
27