Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill are not amortized and are assessed for impairment at least
annually, using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. We perform this annual assessment during our
third quarter. Where we use the qualitative assessment, first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it
is more likely than not that an impairment exists. Factors considered include macroeconomic, industry and
competitive conditions, legal and regulatory environment, historical financial performance and significant
changes in the brand or reporting unit. If the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not
that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed.
In the quantitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets, if the carrying amount of the indefinite-
lived intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value, as determined by its discounted cash ﬂows, an
impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. Quantitative assessment of goodwill is
performed using a two-step impairment test at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit can be a division or
business within a division. The first step compares the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill,
with its estimated fair value, as determined by its discounted cash ﬂows. If the carrying value of a reporting
unit exceeds its estimated fair value, we complete the second step to determine the amount of goodwill
impairment loss that we should record, if any. In the second step, we determine an implied fair value of the
reporting unit’s goodwill by allocating the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and
liabilities other than goodwill (including any unrecognized intangible assets). The amount of impairment
loss is equal to the excess of the carrying value of the goodwill over the implied fair value of that goodwill.
The quantitative assessment, described above requires an analysis of several estimates including future cash
ﬂows or income consistent with management’s strategic business plans, annual sales growth rates, perpetuity
growth assumptions and the selection of assumptions underlying a discount rate (weighted average cost of
capital) based on market data available at the time. Significant management judgment is necessary to estimate
the impact of competitive operating, macroeconomic and other factors to estimate future levels of sales,
operating profit or cash ﬂows. All assumptions used in our impairment evaluations for nonamortizable
intangible assets, such as forecasted growth rates and weighted-average cost of capital, are based on the best
available market information and are consistent with our internal forecasts and operating plans.
Amortizable intangible assets are only evaluated for impairment upon a significant change in the operating
or macroeconomic environment. If an evaluation of the undiscounted future cash ﬂows indicates impairment,
the asset is written down to its estimated fair value, which is based on its discounted future cash ﬂows.
See also Note 4, and for additional unaudited information on goodwill and other intangible assets, see “Our
Critical Accounting Policies” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations.
88