Certain assumptions reﬂect our historical experience and management’s best judgment regarding future
expectations. Due to the significant management judgment involved, our assumptions could have a material
impact on the measurement of our pension and retiree medical expenses and obligations.
At each measurement date, the discount rates are based on interest rates for high-quality, long-term corporate
debt securities with maturities comparable to those of our liabilities. Our US. obligation and pension and
retiree medical expense is based on the discount rates determined using the Mercer Above Mean Curve. This
curve includes bonds that closely match the timing and amount of our expected benefit payments and reﬂects
the portfolio of investments we would consider to settle our liabilities.
Effective as of the beginning of 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest
cost components of net periodic benefit cost for our US. and the majority of our significant international
pension and retiree medical plans. Historically, we estimated the service and interest cost components using
a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the projected benefit
obligation (or accumulated post-retirement benefit obligation for the retiree medical plans) at the beginning
of the period. We have now elected to use a full yield curve approach in the estimation of these components
of benefit cost by applying the specific spot rates along the yield curve used in the determination of the
benefit obligation to the relevant projected cash ﬂows. We have made this change to improve the correlation
between projected benefit cash ﬂows and the corresponding yield curve spot rates, which we believe will
result in a more precise measurement of service and interest costs. This change does not affect the measurement
of our benefit obligation. We have accounted for this change in estimate on a prospective basis as of the
beginning of 2016. The pre-tax reduction in net periodic benefit cost associated with this change was $125
million ($81 million after-tax or $0.06 per share) for the full year 2016.
See Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the expected rate of return on plan
assets and our plans’ investment strategy. Although we review our expected long-term rates of return on an
annual basis, our asset returns in a given year do not significantly inﬂuence our evaluation of long-term rates
of return.
The health care trend rate used to determine our retiree medical plan’s liability and expense is reviewed
annually. Our review is based on our claims experience, information provided by our health plans and
actuaries, and our knowledge of the health care industry. Our review of the trend rate considers factors such
as demographics, plan design, new medical technologies and changes in medical carriers.
Weighted-average assumptions for pension and retiree medical expense are as follows:
7 2017” 2016” 2015 7
[Pension 7 I
Service cost discount rate (a) 4.3% 4.5% n/a
1 Interest cost discount rate (a) 3.5% 3.8% n/aj
Expense discount rate (‘1) n/a n/a 4.1%
1 Expected rate of return on plan assets 7.2% 7.2% 7.3%]
Expected rate of salary increases 3.2% 3.2% 3.5%
[Retiree medical I
Service cost discount rate (a) 4.0% 4.3% n/a
1 Interest cost discount rate (a) 3.2% 3.3% n/aj
Expense discount rate (‘1) n/a n/a 3.8%
1 Expected rate of return on plan assets 7 .5% 7.5% 7.5%]
Current health care cost trend rate 5.9% 6.0% 6.2%
(a) In the first quarter of 2016, we changed the method we use to estimate the service and interest cost components of pension and retiree
medical expense.
52