Item 3. Legal Proceedings.
As previously disclosed, in January 2011, Wojewodzka Inspekcja Ochrony Srodowiska, the Polish
environmental control authority, began an audit of a bottling plant of our subsidiary, Pepsi-Cola General
Bottlers Poland SP, 2.0.0. (PCGB), in Michrow, Poland. In July 2013, Wojewodzka Inspekcja Ochrony
Srodowiska alleged that the plant was not in compliance in 2009 with applicable regulations governing the
taking of water samples for analysis of the plant’s waste and sought monetary sanctions of $650,000 and, in
August 2013, PCGB appealed this decision. In April 2015, the General Environmental Inspector for
Environmental Protection upheld the sanctions against PCGB and, in May 2015, PCGB further appealed this
decision. In October 20 1 5, Viovodeship Administrative Court in Warsaw rejected our appeal and, in December
2015, PCGB filed an extraordinary appeal in the Supreme Administrative Court.
In addition, we and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal, administrative, regulatory and government
proceedings, claims and inquiries arising in the normal course of business. While the results of these
proceedings, claims and inquiries cannot be predicted with certainty, management believes that the final
outcome of the foregoing will not have amaterial adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
or cash ﬂows. Sanctions imposed by foreign authorities are levied in local currency and disclosed using the
US. dollar equivalent at the time of imposition and are subject to currency ﬂuctuations. See also “Item 1.
Business — Regulatory Matters.” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
The following is a list of names, ages and backgrounds of our current executive officers:
Name: Age: :Title:
Albert P. Carey 65 Chief Executive Officer, N01th America
Sanj eev Chadha 57 Chief Executive Officer, Asia, Middle East and North Africa
Marie T. Gallagher 57 Senior Vice President and Controller, PepsiCo
Hugh F. Johnston 55 Vice Chairman, PepsiCo; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer, PepsiCo
Dr. Mehmood Khan 58 Vice Chairman, PepsiCo, Executive Vice President, PepsiCo Chief Scientific
Officer, Global Research and Development
Ramon Laguarta 53 Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa
Laxman Narasimhan 49 Chief Executive Officer, Latin America
Indra K. Nooyi 61 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo
Vivek Sankaran 54 President and Chief Operating Officer, Frito-Lay North America
Kirk Tanner 48 President and Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages
Cynthia M. Trudell 63 Executive Vice President, Human Resources and Chief Human Resources
Officer, PepsiCo
Tony West 51 Executive Vice President, Government Affairs, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary, PepsiCo
Albert P. Carey, 65, was appointed Chief Executive Officer, North America, effective April 2016. Mr. Carey
previously served as Chief Executive Officer, North America Beverages from July 2015 to April 2016, as
Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Americas Beverages from 2011 to July 2015 and as President and Chief
29