2016 PepsiCo Annual Report | 07
| Making healthier foods and beverages for ﬁe}:
OUI’ consumers i‘ - ‘
t ' l O . . . .
4:; ur portfolio is wonderfully architected, offering I 5 r'i“ _
_- ; consumers a wide range of options from treats to I 3,5"
j? healthy eats, from beverages to snacks, from prod- l I:;;;ITT: W43.
ucts that are right for the morning to products that “ .. l _:i_ 1.; 52.5531”
are rig ht throughout the day. But what’s uniform if; L; ‘
across our entire portfolio, what all of our products WEE,
,7“- H hold in common, is that they’re all great tasting.
_ Th ey’re all affordable. And they’re all convenient Jig '
- — and ubiquitously available. 7, '-fffi-Efe:t£iilﬁ‘?e"lt' ~ ‘1"?41: """i in“: ' ‘ ' ‘ I i
These are — and always have been _ the defm— We continue to tailor Quaker to local taste preferences and routines around the
ing QttribUteS Of our portfono- And that Will “EVer world -— expanding the brand into new categories and enabling more consumers to add
change. But as I noted above, we’ve also been whole grains to their diet-
transforming our company to meet the evolving
needs or our consumers Ground the world: Shift‘ accounted for 12% of net revenue while our "Everyday Nutrition” products
ing our pertfeue toward ‘1 Wider range or What we accounted for roughly 25% and our "Guilt-Free” products comprised about 45%
call "Everyday Nutrition” products (i.e., products of net revenue.
With “Utrients like grains: frUitS and vegetables, And yet, we also know ourjourney is far from complete. That’s why last
' or pretein’ plus those that are naturally “Utritious October, as part of our Performance with Purpose 2025 agenda, we announced
_'_ r - like water and unsweetened tee) and "Guut'Free" we’re doubling down on increasing people’s access to healthier choices. With
preduets (Lev our."Everydey NUtritiOn" preduets new nutritional goals informed by the latest guidelines from the World Health
plus beverages Wlth 7O eelorles or less from added Organization and others, we plan to further reduce added sugar, sodium and
sugar per lzjeunee servmg: and snaeks Wlth [OW saturated fat levels, while growing our "Everyday Nutrition” brands faster than
3' levels of sodium and saturated fat). the balance of our portfolio.
That's the transformation we’ve been pursu- . . .
i- ing. And it has been enabled by a series of critical Generating healthygrowth for our retail and foodserVice partners
investments in R&D that are paving the way for As a result of all the steps we’re taking and all the investments we're making
new ﬂavors and sweeteners, as well as ingredients to position ourselves for success over the long run — from anticipating trends
W and recipes. And we’re also investing in advanced that are reshaping our industry, to building a strong innovation pipeline, to
7 manufacturing technologies like our proprietary transforming our portfolio to meet consumers' nutritional needs —we’re deliv-
frying innovation that can reduce the amount of fat ering top-tier growth for our retail partners.
in a potato chip by 20%. In 2016, PepsiCo was once again the largest driver of growth for our food
As a result of these and other investments, we’re and beverage retail partners in the U.S., contributing 18% of total food and
making our treats with less added sugar, sodium beverage retail sales growth, more than the next 15 largest manufacturers
and saturated fat, including rolling out new recipes combined. And we delivered a consistently high level of global performance
of Mirinda and 7UP with 30% less sugar in more in a year marked by various macroeconomic headwinds across a number of
than 80 markets. different markets.
We're dialing up our "Guilt-Free” portfolio, from We're also powering our partners in a number of other ways: launching
revamping our lineup of diet drinks with Pepsi Zero phenomenal global campaigns like PepsiMoji in more than 100 markets;
Sugar to building on the success of Baked Lay’s helping create magical experiences, like our brand activations in the new
with a new lineup of baked products. Shanghai Disney Resort; expanding our e-commerce capabilities; and
And we’re expanding our portfolio of "Everyday sponsoring must-see events like the Pepsi Super Bowl 50 Halftime Show, the
Nutrition” products. Over the past year, Naked third—most—watched broadcast in US. television history— a feat surpassed
Juice, on its way to being our next billion-dollar by the 2017 Halftime Show, sponsored by Pepsi Zero Sugar, the most-watched
brand, introduced Naked Cold Pressed. Tropicana musical event of all time across all platforms.
launched Tropicana Essentials Probiotics, becom— In fact, the strength of our customer relationships in the US. was reflected
ing the ﬁrst brand to bring probiotics to mainstream in Kantar Retail’s 2016 PoweRanking® survey, where our retail partners named
juice consumers. And we also launched Quaker us the number-one, best-in-class manufacturer—the ﬁrst time we’ve been
Breakfast Flats, which we plan to roll out in more awarded that honor. And according to the Advantage ReportTM, retailers
than a dozen countries over the next two years. ranked PepsiCo ﬁrst overall among fast-moving consumer goods suppliers
Simply put, when it comes to transforming in the following countries and categories: Russia (Food and Beverage), the
our portfolio, we’re making considerable prog- UK (Food and Beverage), Poland (Food and Beverage), Romania (Food) and
ress. In 2016, our beloved Pepsi-Cola trademark Thailand (Food). Further, PepsiCo was ranked by retailers in the Advantage