their contribution to the operating results of NAB ’s CSD business do not achieve our expected future cash
ﬂows or if macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used
to estimate fair value. We have also analyzed the impact of macroeconomic conditions in Russia and Brazil
on the estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible assets in these countries and have concluded
that there is no impairment as of December 31, 2016. However, there could be an impairment of the carrying
value of certain brands in these countries if there is a further deterioration in these conditions, if future
revenues and their contributions to the operating results do not achieve our expected future cash ﬂows or if
macroeconomic conditions result in a future increase in the weighted-average cost of capital used to estimate
fair value.
Income Tax Expense and Accruals
Our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us
in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual
tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves when, despite our belief that our tax return
positions are fully supportable, we believe that certain positions are subject to challenge and that we likely
will not succeed. We adjust these reserves, as well as the related interest, in light of changing facts and
circumstances, such as the progress of a tax audit. See “Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax
laws or disagreements with tax authorities could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results
of operations.” in “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
An estimated annual effective tax rate is applied to our quarterly operating results. In the event there is a
significant or unusual item recognized in our quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is
separately calculated and recorded at the same time as that item. We consider the tax adjustments from the
resolution of prior year tax matters to be among such items.
Tax law requires items to be included in our tax returns at different times than the items are reﬂected in our
financial statements. As a result, our annual tax rate reﬂected in our financial statements is different than that
reported in our tax returns (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent, such as expenses
that are not deductible in our tax return, and some differences reverse over time, such as depreciation expense.
These temporary differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets generally represent
items that can be used as a tax deduction or credit in our tax returns in future years for which we have already
recorded the tax benefit in our income statement. We establish valuation allowances for our deferred tax
assets if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred
tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax liabilities generally represent tax expense recognized in our
financial statements for which payment has been deferred, or expense for which we have already taken a
deduction in our tax return but have not yet recognized as expense in our financial statements.
In 2016, our annual tax rate was 25.4% compared to 26.1% in 2015, as discussed in “Other Consolidated
Results.” The tax rate decreased 0.7 percentage points compared to 2015 reﬂecting the impact of the 2015
Venezuela impairment charges, which had no corresponding tax benefit, partially offset by the 20 15 favorable
resolution with the IRS of substantially all open matters related to the audits for taxable years 2010 and 201 1,
as well as the 2016 impairment charge recorded to reduce the value of our 5% indirect equity interest in TAB
to its estimated fair value, which had no corresponding tax benefit.
Pension and Retiree Medical Plans
Our pension plans cover certain employees in the United States and certain international employees. Benefits
are determined based on either years of service or a combination of years of service and earnings. Certain
US. and Canada retirees are also eligible for medical and life insurance benefits (retiree medical) if they
meet age and service requirements. Generally, our share of retiree medical costs is capped at specified dollar
50