ﬂuctuations; climate change and water scarcity; and political, economic and social instability. See also “Item
1A. Risk Factors” for additional information about risks and uncertainties that the Company faces. We believe
that many of these challenges also create new opportunities for our Company and we intend to focus on the
following areas to address and adapt to these challenges and capitalize on these opportunities:
Healthier products.
Consumer demand continues to shift towards healthier products, while the risk of regulation, including
taxation of certain products, continues to intensify. Given these consumer and regulatory shifts, we continue
to shift our portfolio toward more “good-for—you” and “better-for—you” products, through both organic
innovation and strategic mergers and acquisitions. We have increased our investment in research and
development by 45 percent since 2011, investing approximately $3.5 billion on research and development
cumulatively over the past five years.
Healthy retail growth.
Our success is dependent on the success of our retail partners. We continue to collaborate with our retail
partners to sell our products faster, increase cash ﬂow and engage consumers. We also intend to continue to
invest in building the new capabilities we will need to succeed in the digital marketplace, including the
evolving e-commerce landscape, and to focus on building and sustaining strong relationships with our retail
partners.
A healthier planet.
As a global food and beverage manufacturer, our success depends on the availability of key natural resources
required to make our products, including water. We believe that embracing environmentally responsible
business practices, such as water conservation, water replenishment and energy efficiency will help sustain
our business. We continue to take steps to reduce our environmental footprint, which also allows us to
streamline costs and reinvest savings in our business. By improving our water and energy efficiency, reducing
packaging materials, cutting waste and promoting sustainable farming practices around the world, we have
saved over $600 million over the past five years.
A healthy workplace.
Our associates are our most valuable asset. We believe that by engaging our associates with opportunities
for personal development and promoting ethics in the workplace we can attract the best talent, enhance
productivity, spur innovation and position our company to successfully navigate a constantly changing
macroeconomic environment.
Healthier communities.
We are a global company, operating in more than 200 countries and territories, but we consider ourselves to
be a member of every local community where we operate. By being responsible and responsive to the needs
of our communities, we believe we strengthen our business, positioning the Company for long-term success.
Our Operations
See “Item 1. Business.” for information on our divisions and a description of our distribution network,
ingredients and other supplies, brands and intellectual property rights, seasonality, customers and competition.
In addition, see Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for financial information about our divisions
and geographic areas.
43