Latin America
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, Latin America makes, markets, distributes and sells
a number of snack food brands including Doritos, Cheetos, Marias Gamesa, Lay’s, Rufﬂes, Emperador,
Saladitas, Rosquinhas Mabel, Sabritas and Tostitos, as well as many Quaker-branded cereals and snacks.
Latin America also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and
sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including
Pepsi, 7UP, Gatorade, Toddy, Mirinda, Manzanita Sol, H20h! and Diet Pepsi. These branded products are
sold to authorized bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. Latin America also, either independently
or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets and sells ready-to-drink tea through an international joint
venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for information about the deconsolidation of our
Venezuelan subsidiaries, which was effective as of the end of the third quarter of 20 l 5.
Europe Sub-Saharan Africa
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, ES SAmakes, markets, distributes and sells a number
of leading snack food brands including Lay’s, Walkers, Doritos, Cheetos and Rufﬂes, as well as many Quaker-
branded cereals and snacks, through consolidated businesses as well as through noncontrolled affiliates.
ESSA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells
beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including Pepsi,
Pepsi Max, 7UP, Mirinda, Diet Pepsi and Tropicana. These branded products are sold to authorized bottlers,
independent distributors and retailers. In certain markets, however, ESSA operates its own bottling plants
and distribution facilities. ES SA also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets
and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton
brand name). In addition, ESSA makes, markets, sells and distributes a number of leading dairy products
including Chudo, Agusha and Domik v Derevne.
Asia, Middle East and North Africa
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, AMENA makes, markets, distributes and sells a
number of leading snack food brands including Lay’s, Kurkure, Chipsy, Cheetos, Doritos and Crunchy
through consolidated businesses, as well as through noncontrolled affiliates. Further, either independently
or in conjunction with third parties, AMENA makes, markets, distributes and sells many Quaker-branded
cereals and snacks. AMENA also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups
and finished goods under various beverage brands including Pepsi, Mirinda, 7UP, Aquafina, Mountain Dew,
and Tropicana. These branded products are sold to authorized bottlers, independent distributors and retailers.
In certain markets, however, AMENA operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities. AMENA
also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-
to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
Further, we license the Tropicana brand for use in China on co-branded juice products in connection with a
strategic alliance with Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. (Tingyi).
Our Distribution Network
Our products are brought to market through direct-store-delivery (DSD), customer warehouse and distributor
networks. The distribution system used depends on customer needs, product characteristics and local trade
practices.
Direct-Store—Delivery
We, our independent bottlers and our distributors operate DSD systems that deliver beverages, foods and
snacks directly to retail stores where the products are merchandised by our employees or our independent
4