or $0.11 per share) to interest expense, primarily representing the premium paid in accordance with the
“make-whole” redemption provisions. See further unaudited information in “Items Affecting Comparability”
in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
In 20 16, we entered into a new five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement (Five-Year Credit Agreement)
which expires on June 6, 2021. The Five-Year Credit Agreement enables us and our borrowing subsidiaries
to borrow up to $3 .7225 billion, subject to customary terms and conditions. We may request that commitments
under this agreement be increased up to $4.5 billion. Additionally, we may, once a year, request renewal of
the agreement for an additional one-year period.
Also in 2016, we entered into a new 364-day unsecured revolving credit agreement (364-Day Credit
Agreement) which expires on June 5, 2017. The 364-Day Credit Agreement enables us and our borrowing
subsidiaries to borrow up to $3 .7225 billion, subject to customary terms and conditions. We may request that
commitments under this agreement be increased up to $4.5 billion. We may request renewal of this facility
for an additional 364-day period or convert any amounts outstanding into a term loan for a period of up to
one year, which would mature no later than the anniversary of the then effective termination date. The Five-
Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement together replaced our $3.7225 billion five-year
credit agreement dated as of June 8, 2015 and our $3.7225 billion 364-day credit agreement dated as of June
8, 2015. Funds borrowed under the Five-Year Credit Agreement and the 364-Day Credit Agreement may be
used for general corporate purposes. Subject to certain conditions, we may borrow, prepay and reborrow
amounts under these agreements. As of December 31, 2016, there were no outstanding borrowings under
the Five-Year Credit Agreement or the 364-Day Credit Agreement.
In addition, as of December 31, 2016, our international debt of $235 million was related to borrowings from
external parties including various lines of credit. These lines of credit are subject to normal banking terms
and conditions and are fully committed at least to the extent of our borrowings.
See “Our Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations for further unaudited information on our borrowings and long-term contractual
commitments.
Note 9 Financial Instruments
Derivatives and Hedging
We are exposed to market risks arising from adverse changes in:
- commodity prices, affecting the cost of our raw materials and energy,
- foreign exchange rates and currency restrictions; and
- interest rates.
In the normal course of business, we manage commodity price, foreign exchange and interest rate risks
through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs and hedging.
Ongoing productivity initiatives involve the identification and effective implementation of meaningful cost-
saving opportunities or efficiencies, including the use of derivatives. Our global purchasing programs include
fixed-price contracts and purchase orders and pricing agreements.
Our hedging strategies include the use of derivatives and, in the case of our net investment hedges, debt
instruments. Certain derivatives are designated as either cash ﬂow or fair value hedges and qualify for hedge
accounting treatment, while others do not qualify and are marked to market through earnings. Cash ﬂows
from derivatives used to manage commodity price, foreign exchange or interest rate risks are classified as
operating activities in the cash ﬂow statement. We classify both the earnings and cash ﬂow impact from these
derivatives consistent with the underlying hedged item. See “Our Business Risks” in Management’s
1 15