There is also increased focus, including by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors,
customers and consumers on these and other environmental sustainability matters, including deforestation,
land use, climate impact and water use. Our reputation could be damaged if we or others in our industry do
not act, or are perceived not to act, responsibly with respect to our impact on the environment.
A portion of our workforce belongs to unions. Failure to successfully negotiate collective bargaining
agreements, or strikes or work stoppages, could cause our business to sujfer.
Many of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other employees may seek to
be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions
could occur if we are unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms or enter into new agreements
on satisfactory terms, which could impair manufacturing and distribution of our products or result in a loss
of sales, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. The terms
and conditions of existing, renegotiated or new collective bargaining agreements could also increase our
costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency
or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy.
If we are not able to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if we are found to infringe the
intellectual property rights of others, the value of our products or brands, or our competitive position,
could be reduced, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of
operations.
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business. These intellectual property rights
include ingredient formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets that
are important to our business and relate to a variety of our products, their packaging, the processes for their
production and the design and operation of various equipment used in our businesses. We protect our
intellectual property rights globally through a combination of trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret
laws, third-party assignment and nondisclosure agreements and monitoring of third-party misuses of our
intellectual property. If we fail to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks, copyrights, patents, business
processes and trade secrets, including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or
removes the current legal protections of our intellectual property, the value of our products and brands, or
our competitive position, could be reduced and there could be an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition or results of operations. In addition, if, in the course of developing new products or improving the
quality of existing products, we are found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, directly
or indirectly, such finding could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition or
results of operations and may limit our ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing
products.
Potential liabilities and costs from litigation, legal proceedings or investigations could have an adverse
impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
We and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of legal claims, proceedings and investigations, including but
not limited to litigation related to our advertising, marketing or commercial practices, product labels, claims
and ingredients including, sugar, sodium and saturated fat, our intellectual property rights, alleged
infringement or misappropriation by us of intellectual property rights of others and environmental,
employment and insurance matters. We evaluate legal claims to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes
and estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses and establish reserves as appropriate. Litigation is
inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in litigation,
or that our assessment of the materiality of these matters and the likely outcome or potential losses and
established reserves will be consistent with the ultimate outcome of such litigation. In the event that
management’s assessment of actual or potential claims and proceedings proves inaccurate or litigation that
26