Eaton may be unable to adequately protect its intellectual property rights, which could affect the Company 's ability to
compete.
Protecting Eaton's intellectual property rights is critical to its ability to compete and succeed. The Company owns a large
number of patents and patent applications worldwide, as well as trademark and copyright registrations that are necessary, and
contribute signiﬁcantly, to the preservation of Eaton's competitive position in various markets. Although management believes
that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not have a material effect on the results of operations
or ﬁnancial position of Eaton or its business segments, there can be no assurance that any one, or more, of these patents and
other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. Eaton enters into conﬁdentiality
and invention assignment agreements with the Company's employees, and into non-disclosure agreements with suppliers and
appropriate customers, so as to limit access to and disclosure of proprietary information. These measures may not sufﬁce to
deter misappropriation or independent third party development of similar technologies.
Eaton is subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact Eaton 's businesses.
At any given time, Eaton may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which may have a material adverse effect on the
Company's businesses, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations. Information regarding current legal proceedings is presented
in Note 8 and Note 9 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Legislative and regulatory action could materially adversely affect Eaton.
Legislative and regulatory action may be taken in the US. which, if ultimately enacted, could override tax treaties upon
which Eaton relies or broaden the circumstances under which the Company would be considered a US. resident, each of which
could materially and adversely affect its effective tax rate. Eaton cannot predict the outcome of any speciﬁc legislative or
regulatory proposals. However, if proposals were enacted that had the effect of disregarding the incorporation in Ireland or
limiting Eaton's ability as an Irish company to take advantage of tax treaties with the US, the Company could be subject to
increased taxation and/or potentially signiﬁcant expense.
Additionally, existing free trade laws and regulations, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement, provide certain
beneﬁcial duties and tariffs for qualifying imports and exports, subject to compliance with the applicable classiﬁcation and
other requirements. Changes in laws or policies governing the terms of foreign trade, and in particular increased trade
restrictions, tariffs or taxes on imports from countries where we manufacture products could have an impact on our business
and ﬁnancial results.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.
None.
Item 2. Properties:
Eaton's principal executive ofﬁces are located at Eaton House, 30 Pembroke Road, Dublin 4, Ireland D04 YOC2. The
Company maintains manufacturing facilities at 330 locations in 42 countries. The Company is a lessee under a number of
operating leases for certain real properties and equipment, none of which is material to its operations. Management believes
that the existing manufacturing facilities are adequate for its operations and that the facilities are maintained in good condition.
Item 3.,LegaL110,C,e,e,dim1g§
Information regarding the Company's current legal proceedings is presented in Note 8 and Note 9 of the Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures.
Not applicable.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
Information regarding executive ofﬁcers of the Company is presented in Item 10 of this Form 10-K Report.
5