Patents and Trademarks
Eaton considers its intellectual property, including without limitation patents, trade names, domain names, trademarks,
conﬁdential information, and trade secrets to be of signiﬁcant value to its business as a whole. The Company's products are
manufactured, marketed and sold under a portfolio of patents, trademarks, licenses, and other forms of intellectual property,
some of which expire or are allowed to lapse at various dates in the future. Eaton develops and acquires new intellectual
property on an ongoing basis and considers all of its intellectual property to be valuable. Based on the broad scope of the
Company's product lines, management believes that the loss or expiration of any single intellectual property right would not
have a material effect on Eaton's consolidated ﬁnancial statements or its business segments. The Company's policy is to ﬁle
applications and obtain patents for the majority of its novel and innovative new products including product modiﬁcations and
improvements.
Order Backlog
A signiﬁcant portion of open orders placed with Eaton are by original equipment manufacturers or distributors. These open
orders are not considered ﬁrm as they have been historically subject to month-to-month releases by customers. In measuring
backlog orders, only the amount of orders to which customers are ﬁrmly committed are included. Using this criterion, total
backlog at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was approximately $4.0 billion and $4.1 billion, respectively. Backlog should not be
relied upon as being indicative of results of operations for future periods.
Research and Development
Research and development expenses for new products and improvement of existing products in 2016, 2015 and 2014 were
$589 million, $625 million, and $647 million, respectively. Over the past ﬁve years, the Company has invested approximately
$2.9 billion in research and development.
Environmental Contingencies
Operations of the Company involve the use and disposal of certain substances regulated under environmental protection
laws. Eaton continues to modify processes on an ongoing, regular basis in order to reduce the impact on the environment,
including the reduction or elimination of certain chemicals used in, and wastes generated from, operations. Compliance with
laws that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the
protection of the environment, are not expected to have a material adverse effect upon earnings or the competitive position of
the Company. Eaton's estimated capital expenditures for environmental control facilities are not expected to be material for
2017 and 2018. Information regarding the Company's liabilities related to environmental matters is presented in Note 8 of the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Item 1A. Risk Factors,
Among the risks that could materially adversely affect Eaton's businesses, ﬁnancial condition or results of operations are the
following:
Volatility of end markets that Eaton serves.
Eaton's segment revenues, operating results, and proﬁtability have varied in the past and may vary from quarter to quarter in
the future. Proﬁtability can be negatively impacted by volatility in the end markets that Eaton serves. The Company has
undertaken measures to reduce the impact of this volatility through diversiﬁcation of the markets it serves and expansion of the
geographic regions in which it operates. Future downturns in any of the markets could adversely affect revenues, operating
results, and proﬁtability.
Eaton 's operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and/or
improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that Eaton will continue to successfully introduce new
products and services.
The success of new and improved products and services depends on their initial and continued acceptance by Eaton's
customers. The Company's businesses are affected, to varying degrees, by technological change and corresponding shifts in
customer demand, which could result in unpredictable product transitions or shortened life cycles. Eaton may experience
difﬁculties or delays in the research, development, production, or marketing of new products and services which may prevent
Eaton from recouping or realizing a return on the investments required to bring new products and services to market.
3