Pension Plan Assets
Investment policies and strategies are developed on a country speciﬁc basis. The United States plans, representing 67% of
worldwide pension assets, and the United Kingdom plans representing 27% of worldwide pension assets, are invested primarily
for growth, as the majority of the assets are in plans with active participants and ongoing accruals. In general, the plans have
their primary allocation to diversiﬁed global equities, primarily through index funds in the form of common collective and
other trusts. The United States plans' target allocation is 33% United States equities, 32% non-United States equities, 8% real
estate (primarily equity of real estate investment trusts), 22% debt securities and 5% other, including hedge funds, private
equity and cash equivalents. The United Kingdom plans' target asset allocations are 57% equities and the remainder in debt
securities, cash equivalents and real estate investments. The equity risk for the plans is managed through broad geographic
diversiﬁcation and diversiﬁcation across industries and levels of market capitalization. The majority of debt allocations for
these plans are longer duration government and corporate debt. The United States, United Kingdom and Canada pension plans
are authorized to use derivatives to achieve more economically desired market exposures and to use futures, swaps and options
to gain or hedge exposures.
Other Postretirement Beneﬁts Plan Assets
The Voluntary Employee Beneﬁt Association trust which holds U.S. other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets has investment
guidelines that include allocations to global equities and ﬁxed income investments. The trust's 2016 target investment
allocation is 53% diversiﬁed global equities and 47% ﬁxed income securities held in a trust that invests primarily in exchange
traded funds. The ﬁxed income allocation is primarily comprised of intermediate term, high quality, dollar denominated, ﬁxed
income instruments. The equity allocation is invested in diversiﬁed global equity index funds.
Fair Value Measurements
Financial instruments included in pension and other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets are categorized into a fair value
hierarchy of three levels, based on the degree of subjectivity inherent in the valuation methodology as follows:
Level 1 - Quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets in active markets.
Level 2 - Quoted prices for similar assets in active markets, and inputs that are observable for the asset, either
directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the ﬁnancial instrument.
Level 3 - Unobservable prices or inputs.
Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been
categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables to permit a reconciliation to total plan assets.
34