Other Long-Lived Assets
Other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. Events or circumstances that may result in an impairment review include operations reporting
losses, a signiﬁcant adverse change in the use of an asset, the planned disposal or sale of the asset, a signiﬁcant adverse change
in the business climate or legal factors related to the asset, or a signiﬁcant decrease in the estimated market value of an asset.
Upon indications of impairment, assets and liabilities are grouped at the lowest level for which identiﬁable cash ﬂows are
largely independent of the cash ﬂows of other assets and liabilities. The asset group would be considered impaired when the
estimated future net undiscounted cash ﬂows generated by the asset group are less than its carrying value. In instances where
the carrying amount of the asset group exceeded the undiscounted cash ﬂows, the fair value of the asset group would be
determined and an impairment loss would be recognized based on the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group
exceeds its fair value. Determining asset groups and underlying cash ﬂows requires the use of signiﬁcant judgment.
For additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Recoverability of Deferred Income Tax Assets
Eaton is subject to the income tax laws in the jurisdictions in which it operates. In order to determine the income tax
provision for ﬁnancial statement purposes, Eaton must make signiﬁcant estimates and judgments about its business operations
in these jurisdictions. These estimates and judgments are also used in determining the deferred income tax assets and liabilities
that have been recognized for differences between the ﬁnancial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, and
income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards.
Management evaluates the realizability of deferred income tax assets for each jurisdiction in which it operates. If the
Company experiences cumulative pretax income in a particular jurisdiction in a three-year period including the current and
prior two years, management normally concludes that the deferred income tax assets will more likely than not be realizable and
no valuation allowance is recognized, unless known or planned operating developments would lead management to conclude
otherwise. However, if the Company experiences cumulative pretax losses in a particular jurisdiction in a three-year period
including the current and prior two years, management then considers a series of factors in the determination of whether the
deferred income tax assets can be realized. These factors include historical operating results, known or planned operating
developments, the period of time over which certain temporary differences will reverse, consideration of the utilization of
certain deferred income tax liabilities, tax law carryback capability in a particular country, prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies, and estimates of future earnings and taxable income using the same assumptions as the Company’s goodwill and
other impairment testing. After evaluation of these factors, if the deferred income tax assets are expected to be realized within
the tax carryforward period allowed for that speciﬁc country, management would conclude that no valuation allowance would
be required. To the extent that the deferred income tax assets exceed the amount that is expected to be realized within the tax
carryforward period for a particular jurisdiction, management would establish a valuation allowance. For additional
information about income taxes, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Pension and Other Postretirement Beneﬁts Plans
The measurement of liabilities related to pension plans and other postretirement beneﬁts plans is based on assumptions
related to future events including interest rates, return on plan assets, rate of compensation increases, and health care cost trend
rates. Actual plan asset performance will either reduce or increase losses included in accumulated other comprehensive loss,
which ultimately affects net income.
The discount rate for United States plans was determined by discounting the expected future beneﬁt payments using a
theoretical zero-coupon spot yield curve derived from a universe of high-quality bonds as of the measurement date and solving
for the single rate that generated the same beneﬁt obligation. Only corporate bonds with a rating of Aa or higher by either
Moody’s or Standard & Poor's were included. Callable bonds and certain other non-comparable bonds were eliminated. Finally,
a subset of bonds was selected by grouping the universe of bonds by duration and retaining 50% of the bonds that had the
highest yields.
The discount rates for non-United States plans were determined by region and are based on high quality long-term corporate
and government bonds. Consideration has been given to the duration of the liabilities in each plan when selecting the bonds to
be used in determining the discount rate.
78