I strongly believe that the key to how well we deliver on our Lastly, we will continue to be disciplined in the way we
promises begins with our employees, all 95,000 of them. As a manage capital. First, we will invest aggressively to win in all
part of refreshing our strategy, we are clarifying what we expect of our businesses. Second, we will consistently return cash to
from our employees. We expect our employees to be ethical, shareholders through a dividend that grows with earnings and
passionate, accountable, transparent, efficient and to continue through a consistent program of share buybacks. Our $3.0 billion
to learn. These expectations are clear, simple and have been share buyback program covering the period 2015—2018 has thus
enthusiastically embraced by our employees. They represent the far repurchased $1.4 billion of shares, placing us on track to
new criteria we use when determining how we recruit, develop complete the program as we have outlined it. And third, we will
and promote Eaton leaders. make strategic additions when merited while ensuring that our
existing portfolio of businesses continues to create the highest
As part of this new beginning, we also set new five—year financial value for our shareholders.
goals — to deliver 2—4 percent revenue growth, expand our
corporate and segment margins by 200—300 basis points and Looking forward to a powerful future
deliver greater than 10 percent free cash flow as a percentage
of sales, with all of this yielding 8-9 percent annual EPS growth. As we look toward the future, we remain optimistic and excited
While important, we also understand that you don’t lift and excite by our prospects. We continue to see powerful megatrends
an organization of 95,000 people with only financial goals. 80 we that will create enormous opportunities for years to come — a
also established a set of aspirational goals: growing global population, investments in vital infrastructure in
the US. and around the world, the importance of protecting the
1. To be our customers' and channel partners' preferred supplier enVironmeni and rapidly Changing ieChNOIOQY in an inCFeaSingiY
2. To make work exciting, engaging and meaningful for our Connected World"
employees
These trends are creating and will continue to create large growth
3. To ensure the safety, health and wellness of our employees . .
opportunities for Eaton.
4. To be a model of inclusion and diversity in our industry
5- To make our communities Stronger Just as important, we believe we have the right strategy. Over the
6. To be active stewards of the environment last few years we have been busy — lowering our structural costs
and improving our ability to execute within our operations — and
These six aspirational goals will guide our company as we deliver building value propositions that are compelling for customers.
on our brand promise and create value for you, our shareholders. This is what makes Eaton unique, this is what we do best. We
develop products and solutions that are safe, reliable and efficient
We also modified our corporate strategy to bring additional focus - SOIUTiOhS that SOiVe our Customers' most complex and miSSion
to organic growth, margin expansion and capital deployment. Critical Challenges-
Organic growth will continue to play a central role in how we
define success across our company and measure our leaders. To Our company is moving forward and getting better every day. And
drive growth, we plan to capitalize on technology differentiation, when markets begin to recover — as they always have — all of the
leverage our channel and service strengths and deliver superior hard work our team has done over the last couple of years will
value for our customers. You should also rest assured that Eaton yield significant benefits.
is well positioned to win in the increasingly connected world in
which we live. In the Internet of Things (loT) space, we make I would like to thank our shareholders, customers and employees
"the things." It is our electrical, aerospace, hydraulic and vehicle for your faith in Eaton over the past years. We will continue to
components that do the sensing and provide data to the internet. provide attractive returns, outstanding products and a great
Each of our businesses is investing heavily and will be ready for environment for our employees to work and prosper.
today’s and tomorrow’s internet opportunities.
Thank you for your ongoing support.
We have also put in place a multi—year plan to expand our margins _‘
by reducing structural costs and improving our operations. In our _
three-year restructuring program, covering 2015—2017, we will '_ )
spend an estimated $440 million and will generate estimated - " ,. .
savings per year of $518 million. We also intend to put additional "T ' ' " i
emphasis on our product portfolio, accelerating growth where I'
we have good margins and fixing or exiting products that have Craig ATI‘IOid. Chairman 3176’ CEO
substandard margins.
EATON 2016 Annual Report 5