Eaton 's ability to attract, develop and retain executives and other qualified employees is crucial to the Company 's results of
operations and future growth.
Eaton depends on the continued services and performance of key executives, senior management, and skilled personnel,
particularly professionals with experience in its industry and business. Eaton cannot be certain that any of these individuals will
continue his or her employment with the Company. A lengthy period of time is required to hire and develop replacement
personnel when skilled personnel depart. An inability to hire, develop, and retain a sufficient number of qualiﬁed employees
could materially hinder the business by, for example, delaying Eaton's ability to bring new products to market or impairing the
success of the Company's operations.
Eaton 's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, which subjects them to varying degrees of risk of
disrupted production.
Eaton manages businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide. The Company's manufacturing facilities and operations
could be disrupted by a natural disaster, labor strike, war, political unrest, terrorist activity, economic upheaval, or public health
concerns. Some of these conditions are more likely in certain geographic regions in which Eaton operates. Any such disruption
could cause delays in shipments of products and the loss of sales and customers, and insurance proceeds may not adequately
compensate for losses.
If Eaton is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-
based attacks or network security breaches, operations could be disrupted or data confidentiality lost.
Eaton relies on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store
electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement,
manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage,
disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components;
power outages; hardware failures; or computer viruses. In addition, security breaches could result in unauthorized disclosure of
conﬁdential information. If these information technology systems suffer severe damage, disruption, or shutdown, and business
continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, there could be a negative impact on operating results
or the Company may suffer financial or reputational damage.
Eaton 's global operations subject it to economic risk as Eaton 's results of operations may be adversely affected by changes
in government regulations and policies and currency ﬂuctuations.
Operating globally subjects Eaton to changes in government regulations and policies in a large number of jurisdictions
around the world, including those related to tariffs and trade barriers, investments, property ownership rights, taxation,
exchange controls, and repatriation of earnings. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur from time to time and could
affect Eaton's operating results. While the Company monitors exchange rate exposures and attempts to reduce these exposures
through hedging activities, these risks could adversely affect operating results.
Eaton may be subject to risks relating to changes in its tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.
Eaton is subject to income taxes in many jurisdictions around the world. Income tax liabilities are subject to the allocation
of income among various tax jurisdictions. The Company's effective tax rate could be affected by changes in the mix among
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation allowance of deferred tax assets, or changes in
tax laws. With the Administration change in the United States, tax reform is anticipated. It is uncertain what, if any, impact this
reform may have to Baton since proposals have not been reduced to legislative language at this time. The amount of income
taxes paid is subject to ongoing audits by tax authorities in the countries in which Eaton operates. If these audits result in
assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the Company's
tax liabilities.
Eaton uses a variety of raw materials and components in its businesses, and significant shortages, price increases, or
supplier insolvencies could increase operating costs and adversely impact the competitive positions of Eaton 's products.
Eaton's major requirements for raw materials are described above in Item 1 “Raw Materials”. Significant shortages could
affect the prices Eaton's businesses are charged and the competitive position of their products and services, all of which could
adversely affect operating results.
Further, Eaton's suppliers of component parts may increase their prices in response to increases in costs of raw materials
that they use to manufacture component parts. The Company may not be able to increase its prices commensurately with its
increased costs, adversely affecting operating results.
4