Part I
Item 1. Business,
Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is a power management company with 2016 net sales of $19.7 billion. The
Company provides energy-efﬁcient solutions that help its customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical
power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 95,000 employees in over 60 countries and sells
products to customers in more than 175 countries.
Eaton electronically ﬁles or furnishes reports pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
(Exchange Act) to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including annual reports on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and proxy and information statements, as well as any
amendments to those reports. As soon as reasonably practicable, these reports are available free of charge through the
Company's Internet website at http://Www.eaton.com. These ﬁlings are also accessible on the SEC's Internet website at http://
www.sec. gov.
Business Segment Information
Information by business segment and geographic region regarding principal products, principal markets, methods of
distribution, net sales, operating proﬁt and assets is presented in Note 15 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Additional information regarding Eaton's segments and business is presented below.
Electrical Products and Electrical Systems and Services
Principal methods of competition in these segments are performance of products and systems, technology, customer service
and support, and price. Eaton has a strong competitive position in these segments and, with respect to many products, is
considered among the market leaders. In normal economic cycles, sales of these segments are historically lower in the ﬁrst
quarter and higher in the third and fourth quarters of a year. In 2016, 16% of these segments' sales were made to seven large
distributors of electrical products and electrical systems and services.
Hydraulics
Principal methods of competition in this segment are product performance, geographic coverage, service, and price. Eaton
has a strong competitive position in this segment and, with respect to many products, is considered among the market leaders.
Sales of this segment are historically higher in the ﬁrst and second quarters and lower in the third and fourth quarters of the
year. In 2016, 11% of this segment's sales were made to three large original equipment manufacturers or distributors of
agricultural, construction, and industrial equipment and parts.
Aerospace
Principal methods of competition in this segment are total cost of ownership, product and system performance, quality,
design engineering capabilities, and timely delivery. Eaton has a strong competitive position in this segment and, with respect
to many products and platforms, is considered among the market leaders. In 2016, 29% of this segment's sales were made to
three large original equipment manufacturers of aircraft.
Vehicle
Principal methods of competition in this segment are product performance, technology, global service, and price. Eaton has
a strong competitive position in this segment and, with respect to many products, is considered among the market leaders. In
2016, 68% of this segment's sales were made to nine large original equipment manufacturers of vehicles and related
components.
Information Concerning Eaton's Business in General
Raw Materials
Eaton's major requirements for raw materials include iron, steel, copper, nickel, aluminum, brass, tin, silver, lead,
molybdenum, titanium, vanadium, rubber, plastic, electronic components, insulating materials and ﬂuids. Materials are
purchased in various forms, such as extrusions, castings, powder metal, metal sheets and strips, forging billets, bar stock, and
plastic pellets. Raw materials, as well as parts and other components, are purchased from many suppliers. Under normal
circumstances, the Company has no difficulty obtaining its raw materials. In 2016, Eaton maintained appropriate levels of
inventory to prevent shortages and did not experience any availability constraints.
2