Eaton records reductions to revenue for customer and distributor incentives, primarily comprised of rebates, at the time of
the initial sale. Rebates are estimated based on sales terms, historical experience, trend analysis and projected market
conditions in the various markets served. The rebate programs offered vary across businesses due to the numerous markets
Eaton serves, but the most common incentives relate to amounts paid or credited to customers for achieving deﬁned volume
levels.
Impairment of Goodwill and Other Long-Lived Assets
Goodwill
Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis. Goodwill is
tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is equivalent to Eaton's operating segments and based on the net assets
for each segment, including goodwill and intangible assets. Goodwill is assigned to each operating segment, as this represents
the lowest level that constitutes a business and is the level at which management regularly reviews the operating results. The
Company performs a quantitative analysis using a discounted cash ﬂow model and other valuation techniques, but may elect to
perform a qualitative analysis.
Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate
that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its carrying amount. Events or
circumstances that may result in an impairment review include changes in macroeconomic conditions, industry and market
considerations, cost factors, overall ﬁnancial performance, other relevant entity-speciﬁc events, speciﬁc events affecting the
reporting unit or sustained decrease in share price.
Goodwill impairment testing for 2016 was performed using a quantitative analysis under which the fair value for each
reporting unit was estimated using a discounted cash ﬂow model, which considered forecasted cash ﬂows discounted at an
estimated weighted-average cost of capital. The forecasted cash ﬂows were based on the Company's long-term operating plan
and a terminal value was used to estimate the operating segment's cash ﬂows beyond the period covered by the operating plan.
The weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt market
holders of a business enterprise. These analyses require the exercise of signiﬁcant judgments, including judgments about
appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates and the timing of expected future cash ﬂows of the respective reporting unit.
Sensitivity analyses were performed in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the resulting estimated fair
values.
Goodwill impairment testing for 2015 and 2014 was performed using a qualitative analysis, which is performed by
assessing certain trends and factors that require signiﬁcant judgment, including projected market outlook and growth rates,
forecasted and actual sales and operating proﬁt margins, discount rates, industry data, and other relevant qualitative factors.
These trends and factors are compared to, and based on, the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative assessment. The
results of these qualitative analyses did not indicate a need to perform a quantitative analysis.
Based on a quantitative analysis performed in 2016 and qualitative analyses performed in 2015 and 2014, the fair values of
Eaton's reporting units continue to substantially exceed the respective carrying amounts.
Indeﬁnite Life Intangible Assets
Indeﬁnite life intangible assets consist of certain trademarks. They are evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using
either a quantitative or qualitative analysis to determine whether their fair values exceed their respective carrying amounts.
Indeﬁnite life intangible asset impairment testing for 2016 and 2015 was performed using a quantitative analysis. Determining
the fair value of these assets requires signiﬁcant judgment and the Company uses a royalty relief methodology similar to that
employed when the associated assets were acquired, but using updated estimates of future sales, cash ﬂows and proﬁtability.
Additionally, indeﬁnite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances
change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. Events or circumstances that may result in
an impairment review include changes in industry and market considerations, cost factors, ﬁnancial performance, and other
relevant entity-speciﬁc events that could affect inputs used to determine the respective fair values of the indeﬁnite-lived
intangible assets.
For 2016 and 2015, the fair value of indeﬁnite lived intangible assets exceeded the respective carrying value.
77