In 2016, the Company adopted a change in the method it uses to estimate the service and interest cost components of net
periodic beneﬁt cost for its deﬁned beneﬁt pension and other postretirement beneﬁt plans. Prior to 2016, for the vast majority
of its plans, the service and interest cost components were estimated using a single weighted-average discount rate derived
from the yield curve used to measure the beneﬁt obligation at the beginning of the period. Beginning in 2016, the Company
used a spot rate approach by applying the speciﬁc spot rates along the yield curve to the relevant projected cash ﬂows in the
estimation of the service and interest components of beneﬁt cost, resulting in a more precise measurement. This change does
not affect the measurement of total beneﬁt obligations. The change was accounted for as a change in estimate and, accordingly,
was accounted for prospectively starting in 2016. The reductions in service cost and interest cost for 2016 associated with this
change in estimate were $3 and $42, respectively.
Key assumptions used to calculate pension and other postretirement beneﬁts expense are adjusted at each year-end. A 1-
percentage point change in the assumed rate of return on pension plan assets is estimated to have approximately a $43 effect on
pension expense. Likewise, a l-percentage point change in the discount rate is estimated to have approximately a $70 effect on
pension expense. A l-percentage point change in the assumed rate of return on other postretirement beneﬁts assets is estimated
to have approximately a $1 effect on other postretirement beneﬁts expense. A 1-percentage point change in the discount rate is
estimated to have approximately a $3 effect on expense for other postretirement beneﬁts plans.
Additional information related to changes in key assumptions used to recognize expense for other postretirement beneﬁts
plans is found in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Environmental Contingencies
As a result of past operations, Eaton is involved in remedial response and voluntary environmental remediation at a number
of sites, including certain of its currently-owned or formerly-owned plants. The Company has also been named a potentially
responsible party under the United States federal Superfund law, or the state equivalents thereof, at a number of disposal sites.
A number of factors affect the cost of environmental remediation, including the number of parties involved at a particular
site, the determination of the extent of contamination, the length of time the remediation may require, the complexity of
environmental regulations, and the continuing advancement of remediation technology. Taking these factors into account, Eaton
has estimated the costs of remediation, which will be paid over a period of years. The Company accrues an amount on an
undiscounted basis, consistent with the estimates of these costs, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred. At
December 31, 2016 and 2015, $124 and $131, respectively, was accrued for these costs.
Based upon Eaton's analysis and subject to the difﬁculty in estimating these future costs, the Company expects that any sum
it may be required to pay in connection with environmental matters is not reasonably possible to exceed the recorded liability
by an amount that would have a material effect on its ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
MARKET RISK DISCLOSURE
On a regular basis, Eaton monitors third-party depository institutions that hold its cash and short-term investments,
primarily for safety of principal and secondarily for maximizing yield on those funds. The Company diversiﬁes its cash and
short-term investments among counterparties to minimize exposure to any one of these entities. Eaton also monitors the
creditworthiness of its customers and suppliers to mitigate any adverse impact.
Eaton uses derivative instruments to manage exposure to volatility in raw material costs, currency, and interest rates on
certain debt instruments. Derivative ﬁnancial instruments used by the Company are straightforward and non-leveraged. The
counterparties to these instruments are ﬁnancial institutions with strong credit ratings. Eaton maintains control over the size of
positions entered into with any one counterparty and regularly monitors the credit rating of these institutions. See Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about hedges and derivative ﬁnancial instruments.
Eaton’s ability to access the commercial paper market, and the related cost of these borrowings, is based on the strength of
its credit rating and overall market conditions. The Company has not experienced any material limitations in its ability to access
these sources of liquidity. At December 3 l, 2016, Eaton had $2,000 of long-term revolving credit facilities with banks in
support of its commercial paper program. It has no borrowings outstanding under these credit facilities.
Interest rate risk can be measured by calculating the short-term earnings impact that would result from adverse changes in
interest rates. This exposure results from short-term debt, which includes commercial paper at a ﬂoating interest rate, long-term
debt that has been swapped to ﬂoating rates, and money market investments that have not been swapped to ﬁxed rates. Based
upon the balances of investments and ﬂoating rate debt at year end 2016, a 100 basis-point increase in short-term interest rates
would have increased the Company’s net, pretax interest expense by $36.
79