Other Postretirement Beneﬁts Plans
A summary of the fair value of other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets at December 31, 2016 and 2015, follows:
Quoted prices
in active
markets for Other
identical observable Unobservable
assets inputs inputs
7 Total 7 7 (Level 1) 7 7 (Level 2) 7 7 (Level 3) 7
[2016 j
Cash equivalents $ 8 $ 8 $ $
Common collective and other trusts measured at net asset
value 7 66 7 7 7 7 7 7 7
Total other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets :$ 74 : :$ 8 : r$ : r$ :
Quoted prices
in active
markets for Other
identical observable Unobservable
assets inputs inputs
7 Total 7 7 (Level 1) 7 7 (Level 2) 7 7 (Level 3) 7
[2015 l
Fixed income securities 1 8 l 8
[United States treasuries 20 20 7 1
Cash equivalents 1 1 11
Common collective and other trusts measured at net asset
value 44
Total other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets 77$ 93 i 77$ 31 i 77$ 18 i 77$ 77
Valuation Methodologies
Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for pension and other postretirement beneﬁts plan assets
measured at fair value. There have been no changes in the methodologies used at December 31, 2016 and 2015.
Common collective and other trusts - Valued at the net unit value of units held by the trust at year end. The unit value is
determined by the total value of fund assets divided by the total number of units of the fund owned. The equity investments
in collective trusts are predominantly in index funds for which the underlying securities are actively traded in public
markets based upon readily measurable prices. The investments in other trusts are predominantly in exchange traded funds
for which the underlying securities are actively traded in public markets based upon readily measurable prices. Common
collective and other trusts measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been
categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value
hierarchy to the total plan assets.
Fixed income securities - These securities consist of publicly traded United States and non-United States ﬁxed interest
obligations (principally corporate and government bonds and debentures). The fair value of corporate and government debt
securities is determined through third-party pricing models that consider various assumptions, including time value, yield
curves, credit ratings, and current market prices. The Company veriﬁes the results of trustees or custodians and evaluates
the pricing classiﬁcation of these securities by performing analyses using other third-party sources.
United States treasuries - Valued at the closing price of each security.
Bank loans - These securities consist of senior secured term loans of publicly traded and privately held United States and
non-United States ﬂoating rate obligations (principally corporations of non-investment grade rating). The fair value is
determined through third-party pricing models that primarily utilize dealer quoted current market prices. The Company
veriﬁes the results of trustees or custodians and evaluates the pricing classiﬁcation of these securities by performing
analyses using other third-party sources.
37