Other Long-Lived Assets
Depreciation and amortization for property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization, are generally
computed by the straight-line method and included in Cost of products sold, Selling and administrative expense, and Research
and development expense, as appropriate. Cost of buildings are depreciated generally over 40 years and machinery and
equipment over 3 to 10 years. At December 31, 2016, the weighted-average amortization period for intangible assets subject to
amortization was 17 years for patents and technology, primarily as a result of the long life of aircraft platforms; 17 years for
customer relationships; and 16 years for certain trademarks. Software is generally amortized up to a life of 10 years.
Other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. Upon indications of impairment, assets and liabilities are grouped at the lowest level for which
identiﬁable cash ﬂows are largely independent of the cash ﬂows of other assets and liabilities. The asset group would be
considered impaired when the estimated future net undiscounted cash ﬂows generated by the asset group are less than its
carrying value. Determining asset groups and underlying cash ﬂows requires the use of signiﬁcant judgment.
Retirement Beneﬁts Plans
For the principal pension plans in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico and the United Kingdom, the Company uses a
market-related value of plan assets to calculate the expected return on assets used to determine net periodic beneﬁt costs. The
market-related value of plan assets is a calculated value that recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets over a ﬁve year
period. All other plans use fair value of plan assets.
Net actuarial gains or losses are amortized to expense on a plan—by-plan basis when they exceed the accounting corridor.
The Company’s corridors are set at either 8% or 10%, depending on the plan, of the greater of the plan assets or beneﬁt
obligations. Gains or losses outside of the corridor are subject to amortization over an average employee future service period
that differs by plan, but is approximately 13 years on a weighted average basis. If most or all of the plan’s participants are no
longer actively accruing beneﬁts, the average life expectancy is used.
Warranty Accruals
Product warranty accruals are established at the time the related sale is recognized through a charge to Cost of products
sold. Warranty accrual estimates are based primarily on historical warranty claim experience and speciﬁc customer contracts.
Provisions for warranty accruals are comprised of basic warranties for products sold, as well as accruals for product recalls and
other events when they are known and estimable. See Note 8 for additional information about warranty accruals.
Asset Retirement Obligations
A conditional asset retirement obligation is recognized at fair value when incurred if the fair value of the liability can be
reasonably estimated. Uncertainty about the timing or method of settlement of a conditional asset retirement obligation would
be considered in the measurement of the liability when sufﬁcient information exists. Eaton believes that for substantially all of
its asset retirement obligations, there is an indeterminate settlement date because the range of time over which the Company
may settle the obligation is unknown or cannot be estimated. A liability for these obligations will be recognized when sufﬁcient
information is available to estimate fair value.
Income Taxes
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the ﬁnancial statement and tax
basis of the respective assets and liabilities, using enacted tax rates in effect for the year when the differences are expected to
reverse. Deferred income tax assets are recognized for income tax loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards.
Judgment is required in determining and evaluating income tax provisions and valuation allowances for deferred income tax
assets. Eaton recognizes the income tax beneﬁt from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax
position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Eaton evaluates
and adjusts these accruals based on changing facts and circumstances. Eaton recognizes interest and penalties related to
unrecognized income tax beneﬁts in the provision for income tax expense. Penalties on unrecognized income tax beneﬁts have
been accrued for jurisdictions where penalties are automatically applied to any deﬁciency, regardless of the merit of the
position. For additional information about income taxes, see Note 9.
23