' ' ' "’"i ' Among the year’s financial and operating highlights were:
c We eliminated $210 million of structural costs, positioning the
company well for the time when our markets turn up.
If: I 0 We improved safety — reducing our recordable incident rate by
I ml "..‘-."{:i:v_syf;i , . " ' ' over 13 percent.
¥ . 77' fuiafEILII'Eji ' . . - -
I-iIiI-Ila ° We reduced our enVIronmental footprint by increasmg the
*5 l number of operating sites to 95 that do not place waste in
’lIIIIII ' ' _ landfills and reducing our energy use and water consumption.
hi I? H ” a We generated record cash from operations of $2.6 billion.
- ll I lgII Excluding capital expenditures of $0.5 billion, our free cash flow
. ' ' “lg, i'I. WI was $2.1 billion. Our free cash flow as a percentage of sales
VI '- ‘ II I 'Ii."‘*lI._I I IIIﬁ was a record 10.4 percent, and the ratio of free cash flow to net
I ll _ " " income was 107 percent.
.II 1 :rfifig :IiiII. I “III Ii. .. 'I,III
' K Wl'rIfI'Ii'i-Ef,it¢ 0 We repurchased $730 million, or 11.8 million, of our shares.
Il I
-i._IIIIi_gI it ' A significant list of accomplishments, but we do understand that
_ - ' I.I.I.I_,!‘I‘ {1‘ it: =-..g';"“ the biggest challenge we and other industrial companies face is
it .._.;_— II"; 1', lII‘le how to accelerate growth. This is our top priority and each of our
IT: ‘ iIi businesses had several notable accomplishments during the year:
m I» ' ’ l" - ,lfﬁ ' ﬁlin-
‘ iII ‘Iyl ,liI‘} Electrical: We continued to invest In intelligent products and
- E -‘ l3“,I’.rI-IIIggIIiIif,fI,l' software — such as PredictPulseTM remote monitoring and
it." “ATiIiI I‘l ’li'II'I‘Efi-ilt-f management services for data centers and EphesusTM wireless
1 “l ‘Ilil . . - -
II i'lIliI " ' I "it, LED control systems for sporting and industrial enVIronments —
. ' 1:, ..'l-'i__I I I I I I
. i: pOSItioning Eaton to be successful for a future in which customers
"I; ‘ - Ii‘~—’*'~ I and their systems Will become increasmgly interconnected.
r r " t ‘l I ll “i;
234. . I - I _ I I . .
l .' I Ill ' Hydraulics: Our focus on improvmg our cost posmon and
7* ttgtttttw" “JtLﬁﬁrttmW "‘M' * ' = revitalizing our manufacturing capabilities is paying off. Each of
I I I I I these actions puts us in a stronger position to support customers
This is my first year as chairman of Eaton, haVIng assumed the . .
I I I and to grow. We also continued to invest and evolve our core
p03ition in June of last year. I am humbled and honored by the . . . .
I It I I d thI t technologies, which has allowed us to secure future busmess With
0 oruni oea is rea com an. . .
pp y g p y our partner OEMs and distributors.
As you know, Sandy Cutler retired at the end of May 2016 after , . . . ..
I Aerospace: We re Winning on the most important military and
41 years at Eaton, 16 years as Chairman and CEO. Our company . . . . .
I I commerCial platforms by delivering the right technologies for our
was transformed under his leadership and he handed me a strong _ . ,
I customers. Our efforts to improve our execution have resulted in
company and one well swted for the challenges ahead. . . . .
better on—time delivery performance, which has been recognized
I by our customers.
Perhaps the most noteworthy of these challenges continues to
be softness in most of our markets. While we thought we had . . . . . .
I I Vehicle: Our continued focus on power effICIency, emis3ions and
planned conservatively for 2016, our markets turned out to be a bit _ . . , , . _
I h h d I I d compliance—related solutions is paying off With new busmess Wins
so tert an we a antiCI ate . . . . . .
p for our PrOCISionTM dual—clutch automatic transmISSion, valve and
I _ _ _ powertrain products.
Executing well in a challenging enVIronment
I I I An enhanced strategy
The good news for us is we know how to operate in this
environment. Our company is over 100 years old and has . . .
I I I Building on our strong reputation as a power management
surVIved for a reason — we are true to our values but Willing to .
I I I I I company, we also made a number of important enhancements
adapt our business strategy and priorities as the need arises. . . . .
W I k d I I I d I must (II III III I to our overall company strategy. This begins With a change in the
e 00 eCIswe ac ion mm o a us 0 ese on cm
I 9 J I g gI way we talk about the company. We Make What Matters Work
headWinds and our management team rose to the occa3ion. It is _ , . ,
I I I II I I h I is our new brand promise and we think it conveys a strong
never eas 0 move a ar e or aniza ion in res onse o a c an in , , .
I y g g I I g 9 statement about the difference Eaton makes in the lives of
enVironment, but we were able to make Significant adjustments as .
I our customers, our shareholders, our employees and in our
the year went on. Overall, we are pleased With how well our team I I
I I communities every day.
performed, creating strong momentum as we go into 2017.
4 EATON 2016 Annual Report