Revenue Recognition
Sales of products are recognized when a sales agreement is in place, products have been shipped to unafﬁliated customers
and title has transferred in accordance with shipping terms, the selling price is ﬁxed and determinable and collectability is
reasonably assured, all signiﬁcant related acts of performance have been completed, and no other signiﬁcant uncertainties exist.
Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in Net sales and the related costs in Cost of products sold.
Although the majority of the sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are agreements that contain multiple
elements or non-standard terms and conditions. As a result, judgment is required to determine the appropriate accounting,
including whether the deliverables speciﬁed in these agreements should be treated as separate units of accounting for
recognition purposes, and, if so, how the sales price should be allocated among the elements and when to recognize sales for
each element. For delivered elements, sales generally are recognized only when the delivered elements have standalone value
and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance. Sales for service contracts generally are recognized as the
services are provided.
Eaton records reductions to revenue for customer and distributor incentives, primarily comprised of rebates, at the time of
the initial sale. Rebates are estimated based on sales terms, historical experience, trend analysis, and projected market
conditions in the various markets served. The rebate programs offered vary across businesses due to the numerous markets
Eaton serves, but the most common incentives relate to amounts paid or credited to customers for achieving deﬁned volume
levels.
Goodwill and Indeﬁnite Life Intangible Assets
Goodwill is evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using either a quantitative or qualitative analysis. Goodwill is
tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is equivalent to Eaton's operating segments and based on the net assets
for each segment, including goodwill and intangible assets. Goodwill is assigned to each operating segment, as this represents
the lowest level that constitutes a business and is the level at which management regularly reviews the operating results. The
Company performs a quantitative analysis using a discounted cash ﬂow model and other valuation techniques, but may elect to
perform a qualitative analysis. Additionally, goodwill is evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances
change that would indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its carrying
amount.
Goodwill impairment testing for 2016 was performed using a quantitative analysis under which the fair value for each
reporting unit was estimated using a discounted cash ﬂow model, which considered forecasted cash ﬂows discounted at an
estimated weighted-average cost of capital. The forecasted cash ﬂows were based on the Company's long-term operating plan
and a terminal value was used to estimate the operating segment's cash ﬂows beyond the period covered by the operating plan.
The weighted-average cost of capital is an estimate of the overall after-tax rate of return required by equity and debt market
holders of a business enterprise. These analyses require the exercise of signiﬁcant judgments, including judgments about
appropriate discount rates, perpetual growth rates and the timing of expected future cash ﬂows of the respective reporting unit.
Sensitivity analyses were performed around these assumptions in order to assess the reasonableness of the assumptions and the
resulting estimated fair values.
Goodwill impairment testing in 2015 was performed using qualitative analysis, which is performed by assessing certain
trends and factors, including projected market outlook and growth rates, forecasted and actual sales and operating proﬁt
margins, discount rates, industry data, and other relevant qualitative factors. These trends and factors are compared to, and
based on, the assumptions used in the most recent quantitative assessment performed in 2013. The results of the qualitative
analysis did not indicate a need to perform a quantitative analysis.
Based on a quantitative analysis performed in 2016 and a qualitative analysis performed in 2015, the fair value of Eaton's
reporting units continue to substantially exceed their respective carrying amounts.
Indeﬁnite life intangible assets consist of certain trademarks. They are evaluated annually for impairment as of July 1 using
either a quantitative or qualitative analysis to determine whether their fair values exceed their respective carrying amounts.
Indeﬁnite life intangible asset impairment testing for 2016 and 2015 was performed using a quantitative analysis. The
Company determines the fair value of these assets using a royalty relief methodology similar to that employed when the
associated assets were acquired, but using updated estimates of future sales, cash ﬂows and proﬁtability. Additionally,
indeﬁnite life intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would
indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. For 2016 and 2015, the fair value of indeﬁnite lived intangible
assets exceeded the respective carrying value.
For additional information about goodwill and other intangible assets, see Note 5.
22