EATON CORPORATION plc
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Amounts are in millions unless indicated otherwise (per share data assume dilution).
Note 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
General Information and Basis of Presentation
Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is a power management company with 2016 net sales of $19.7 billion. The
Company provides energy-efﬁcient solutions that help its customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical
power more efﬁciently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 95,000 employees in over 60 countries and sells
products to customers in more than 175 countries.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States. Preparation of the consolidated ﬁnancial statements requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date the consolidated ﬁnancial
statements were ﬁled with the Securities Exchange Commission.
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements include the accounts of Eaton and all subsidiaries and other entities it controls.
Intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. The equity method of accounting is used for investments in
associate companies where the Company has signiﬁcant inﬂuence and generally a 20% to 50% ownership interest. Equity
investments are evaluated for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate the book value of the investment exceeds
fair value. An impairment would exist if there is an other-than-temporary decline in value. These associate companies are not
material either individually, or in the aggregate, to Eaton's consolidated ﬁnancial statements. Eaton does not have off-balance
sheet arrangements or ﬁnancings with unconsolidated entities. In the ordinary course of business, the Company leases certain
real properties and equipment, as described in Note 8.
Eaton's functional currency is United States Dollars (U SD). The functional currency for most subsidiaries is their local
currency. Financial statements for these subsidiaries are translated at year-end exchange rates as to assets and liabilities and
weighted-average exchange rates as to revenues and expenses. The resulting translation adjustments are recognized in
Accumulated other comprehensive loss.
During 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015 -03, Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic
835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs (ASU 2015-03). ASU 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs
be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than an asset. The Company has
applied this standard retrospectively. The adoption of ASU 2015-03 resulted in the reclassiﬁcation of $35 Within the Company's
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, respectively, from Other noncurrent assets to a
reduction in Long-term debt.
During 2016, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update 2015-07, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820):
Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent) (ASU 2015-07).
Topic 820 allows for investments to be valued at their net asset value if their share price is not published for current
transactions (referred to as the practical expedient). Prior to ASU 2015-07, there has been diversity in practice related to how
investments measured using the practical expedient are categorized within the fair value hierarchy. With the adoption of ASU
2015 -07, these investments are no longer categorized in the fair value hierarchy, which eliminates the diversity in practice
resulting from the way in which these investments were classiﬁed. In addition, ASU 2015 -07 removes the requirement to make
certain disclosures for these investments. The Company retrospectively applied the requirements of ASU 2015-07 for all
comparative periods presented in Note 7 resulting in investments measured using the net asset value practical expedient no
longer being categorized in the fair value hierarchy.
Certain prior year amounts have been reclassiﬁed to conform to the current year presentation.
21