MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
We have prepared the accompanying consolidated ﬁnancial statements and related information of Eaton Corporation plc
("Eaton") included herein for the three years ended December 31, 2016. The primary responsibility for the integrity of the
ﬁnancial information included in this annual report rests with management. The ﬁnancial information included in this annual
report has been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States based on our best
estimates and judgments and giving due consideration to materiality. The opinion of Ernst & Young LLP, Eaton's independent
registered public accounting ﬁrm, on those ﬁnancial statements is included herein.
Eaton has high standards of ethical business practices supported by the Eaton Code of Ethics and corporate policies. Careful
attention is given to selecting, training and developing personnel, to ensure that management's objectives of establishing and
maintaining adequate internal controls and unbiased, uniform reporting standards are attained. Our policies and procedures
provide reasonable assurance that operations are conducted in conformity with applicable laws and with the Company's
commitment to a high standard of business conduct.
The Board of Directors pursues its responsibility for the quality of Eaton's ﬁnancial reporting primarily through its Audit
Committee, which is composed of ﬁve independent directors. The Audit Committee meets regularly with management, the
internal auditors and the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm to ensure that they are meeting their responsibilities and
to discuss matters concerning accounting, control, audits and ﬁnancial reporting. The internal auditors and independent
registered public accounting ﬁrm have full and free access to senior management and the Audit Committee.
i/s/ Craig Arnold 7 i/s/ Richard H. Fearon 7 i/s/ Ken D. Semelsberger 7
Principal Executive Ofﬁcer 7 Principal Financial Ofﬁcer 7 Principal Accounting Ofﬁcer 7
February 22, 2017
1 3