MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS.
Amounts are in millions of dollars or shares unless indicated otherwise (per share data assume dilution).
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Eaton Corporation plc (Eaton or the Company) is a power management company with 2016 net sales of $19.7 billion. The
Company provides energy-efﬁcient solutions that help its customers effectively manage electrical, hydraulic and mechanical
power more efficiently, safely and sustainably. Eaton has approximately 95,000 employees in over 60 countries and sells
products to customers in more than 175 countries.
Summary of Results of Operations
During 2016 and 2015, the Company's results of operations were impacted by decline in several of the Company's end
markets. Further, the results of operations were negatively impacted by the strengthening in the value of the US. dollar. Despite
the declining market conditions and unfavorable impact of currency translation, the Company generated solid operating
margins and net income per share - diluted.
During 2015, Eaton announced a multi-year restructuring initiative to reduce its cost structure and gain efficiencies in all
business segments and at corporate in order to respond to declining market conditions. Restructuring charges in 2016 and 2015
were $211 and $129, respectively. These charges were primarily comprised of severance costs. Restructuring charges are
anticipated to be $100 in 2017. The projected annualized savings from these restructuring actions are expected to be $518,
when fully realized in 2018.
During 2014, the Company's results of operations were impacted by modest growth in the Company's end markets,
particularly in North America. This was partially offset by the impact of settlement of two litigation matters with ZF Meritor
LLC and Meritor Transmission Corporation (collectively, Meritor) and Triumph Actuation Systems, LLC and other claimants
(collectively, Triumph) for $500 and $147.5, respectively, and the sale of the Aerospace Power Distribution Management
Solutions and Integrated Cockpit Solutions businesses to Safran for $270, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of $154. Also, during
the second half of 2014 the Company's results of operations were negatively impacted by shifts in currency exchange rates.
Despite the modest growth and negative currency exchange rates, the Company generated net income per share - diluted in
2014 that was broadly in line with the Company's guidance at the start of the year after excluding the litigation settlements and
the gain on the sale of the Aerospace businesses.
Additional information related to business acquisitions and sales, restructuring activities and the litigation settlements is
presented in Note 2, Note 3, Note 4 and Note 8, respectively, of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
A summary of Eaton’s Net sales, Net income attributable to Baton ordinary shareholders, and Net income per share
attributable to Baton ordinary shareholders - diluted follows:
7 2016 H 2015 H 2014 7
[Net sales $ 19,747 $ 20,855 $ 22,552 j
Net income attributable to Baton ordinary shareholders 1,922 1,979 1,793
[Net income per share attributable to Baton ordinary shareholders - diluted $ 4.21 $ 4.23 $ 3.76]
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
The following discussion of Consolidated Financial Results and Business Segment Results of Operations includes certain
non-GAAP ﬁnancial measures. These financial measures include operating earnings, operating earnings per ordinary share, and
operating proﬁt before acquisition integration charges for each business segment as well as corporate, each of which differs
from the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). A
reconciliation of operating earnings and operating earnings per ordinary share to the most directly comparable GAAP measure
is included in the table below. Operating proﬁt before acquisition integration charges is reconciled in the discussion of the
operating results of each business segment, and excludes acquisition integration expense related to integration of Ephesus
Lighting, Inc. and Oxalis Group Ltd. in 2016 and primarily Cooper Industries plc in 2015 and 2014. Management believes that
these ﬁnancial measures are useful to investors because they exclude certain transactions, allowing investors to more easily
compare Eaton’s financial performance period to period. Management uses this information in monitoring and evaluating the
on—going performance of Eaton and each business segment. For additional information on acquisition integration charges, see
Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
69