Equity-Based Compensation
Eaton recognizes equity-based compensation expense based on the grant date fair value of the award. Awards with service
conditions or both service and market conditions are expensed over the period during which an employee is required to provide
service in exchange for the award. Awards with both service and performance conditions are expensed over the period an
employee is required to provide service based on the number of units for which achievement of the performance objective is
probable. Participants awarded restricted stock units (RSUs) do not receive dividends; therefore, their fair value is determined
by reducing the closing market price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant by the present value of the
estimated dividends had they been paid. The fair value of restricted stock awards (RSAs) and performance stock units (PSUs)
with performance conditions are determined based on the closing market price of the Company’s ordinary shares at the date of
grant. The Company uses a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of PSUs with market conditions, which
incorporates assumptions regarding expected stock price volatility and the risk-free interest rate. Stock options are granted with
an exercise price equal to the closing market price of Baton ordinary shares on the date of grant. The fair value of stock options
is determined using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which incorporates assumptions regarding the expected stock price
volatility, the expected option life, the risk-free interest rate, and the expected dividend yield. See Note 11 for additional
information about equity-based compensation.
Derivative Financial Instruments and Hedging Activities
Eaton uses derivative ﬁnancial instruments to manage the exposure to the volatility in raw material costs, currency, and
interest rates on certain debt. These instruments are marked to fair value in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Changes in the fair value of derivative assets or liabilities (i.e., gains or losses) are recognized depending upon the type of
hedging relationship and whether an instrument has been designated as a hedge. For those instruments that qualify for hedge
accounting, Eaton designates the hedging instrument, based upon the exposure being hedged, as a cash ﬂow hedge, a fair value
hedge, or a hedge of a net investment in a foreign operation. Changes in fair value of these instruments that do not qualify for
hedge accounting are recognized immediately in net income. See Note 13 for additional information about hedges and
derivative ﬁnancial instruments.
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update 2014-09, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (ASU 2014-09). This accounting standard supersedes all existing US GAAP revenue
recognition guidance. Under ASU 2014-09, a company will recognize revenue when it transfers the control of promised goods
or services to customers in an amount that reﬂects the consideration which the company expects to collect in exchange for
those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 will require additional disclosures in the notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements
and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. In August 2015, the FASB issued
ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date (ASU 2015-14). This accounting
standard defers the effective date of ASU 2014-09 for one year and permits early adoption as of the original effective date.
A cross-functional implementation team has been established consisting of representatives from all of our business
segments. The implementation team is working to analyze the impact of the standard on the Company's contract portfolio by
reviewing current accounting policies and practices to identify potential differences that would result from applying the
requirements of the new standard to revenue contracts. In addition, the Company is in the process of identifying and
implementing the appropriate changes to business processes and controls to support recognition and disclosure under the new
standard. Eaton plans to adopt the standard as of the ﬁrst quarter of 2018 using the modiﬁed retrospective approach and will
record a cumulative adjustment to equity for open contracts as of January 1, 2018. Certain revenues will move from point-in-
time or multiple elements to over time because of the continuous transfer of control to customers. Eaton is continuing to
evaluate the impact of ASU 2014-09 and an estimate of the impact to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements cannot be made at
this time.
In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2016-02, Leases (Topic
842), (ASU 2016-02). This accounting standard requires that a lessee recognize a lease asset and a lease liability on its balance
sheet for all leases, including operating leases, with a term greater than 12 months. ASU 2016-02 will require additional
disclosures in the notes to the consolidated ﬁnancial statements and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2018. Eaton is evaluating the impact of ASU 2016-02 and an estimate of the impact to the
consolidated financial statements cannot be made at this time.
24