Management evaluates the realizability of deferred income tax assets for each of the jurisdictions in which it operates. If the
Company experiences cumulative pretax income in a particular jurisdiction in the three-year period including the current and
prior two years, management normally concludes that the deferred income tax assets will more likely than not be realizable and
no valuation allowance is recognized, unless known or planned operating developments would lead management to conclude
otherwise. However, if the Company experiences cumulative pretax losses in a particular jurisdiction in the three-year period
including the current and prior two years, management then considers a series of factors in the determination of whether the
deferred income tax assets can be realized. These factors include historical operating results, known or planned operating
developments, the period of time over which certain temporary differences will reverse, consideration of the utilization of
certain deferred income tax liabilities, tax law carryback capability in the particular country, prudent and feasible tax planning
strategies, and estimates of future earnings and taxable income using the same assumptions as those used for the Company's
goodwill and other impairment testing. After evaluation of these factors, if the deferred income tax assets are expected to be
realized within the tax carryforward period allowed for that speciﬁc country, management would conclude that no valuation
allowance would be required. To the extent that the deferred income tax assets exceed the amount that is expected to be realized
within the tax carryforward period for a particular jurisdiction, management would establish a valuation allowance.
Applying the above methodology, valuation allowances have been established for certain deferred income tax assets to the
extent they are not expected to be realized within the particular tax carryforward period.
Unrecognized Income Tax Beneﬁts
A summary of gross unrecognized income tax benefits follows:
2016 2015 2014
[Balance at January 1 $ 584 $ 493 $ 479J
Increases and decreases as a result of positions taken during prior years
[ Transfers from valuation allowances (3)]
Other increases, including currency translation 21 34 37
[ Other decreases, including currency translation (24) (34) (3)]
Balances related to acquired businesses (1) (3)
[ Increases as a result of positions taken during the current year 90 109 65 ]
Decreases relating to settlements with tax authorities (1 9) (51)
[ Decreases as a result of a lapse of the applicable statute of limitations (23) (17) (28)l
Balance at December 31 7$ 629 7 7$ 584 7 7$ 493 7
Eaton's long-term policy has been to enter into tax planning strategies only if it is more likely than not that the beneﬁt would
be sustained upon audit. For example, the Company does not enter into any of the United States Internal Revenue Service (IRS)
Listed Transactions as set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.6011-4.
If all unrecognized tax beneﬁts were recognized, the net impact on the provision for income tax expense would be $529.
As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, Eaton had accrued approximately $94 and $108, respectively, for the payment of
worldwide interest and penalties, which are not included in the table of unrecognized income tax benefits above. Eaton
recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in the provision for income tax expense. The
Company has accrued penalties in jurisdictions primarily where they are automatically applied to any deﬁciency, regardless of
the merit of the position.
The resolution of the majority of Eaton's unrecognized income tax beneﬁts is dependent upon uncontrollable factors such as
the prospect of retroactive regulations; new case law; the willingness of the income tax authority to settle the issue, including
the timing thereof; and other factors. Therefore, for the majority of unrecognized income tax beneﬁts, it is not reasonably
possible to estimate the increase or decrease in the next 12 months. For each of the unrecognized income tax benefits where it is
possible to estimate the increase or decrease in the balance within the next 12 months, the Company does not anticipate any
significant change.
Eaton or its subsidiaries ﬁle income tax returns in Ireland and many countries around the world. With only few exceptions,
Irish and non-United States subsidiaries of Baton are no longer subject to examinations for years before 2007.
44