Note 15. BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC REGION INFORMATION
Operating segments are deﬁned as components of an enterprise about which separate ﬁnancial information is available that
is evaluated on a regular basis by the chief operating decision maker, or decision making group, in deciding how to allocate
resources to an individual segment and in assessing performance. Eaton’s segments are as follows:
Electrical Products and Electrical Systems and Services
The Electrical Products segment consists of electrical components, industrial components, residential products, single phase
power quality, emergency lighting, ﬁre detection, wiring devices, structural support systems, circuit protection, and lighting
products. The Electrical Systems and Services segment consists of power distribution and assemblies, three phase power
quality, hazardous duty electrical equipment, intrinsically safe explosion—proof instrumentation, utility power distribution,
power reliability equipment, and services. The principal markets for these segments are industrial, institutional, governmental,
utility, commercial, residential and information technology. These products are used wherever there is a demand for electrical
power in commercial buildings, data centers, residences, apartment and ofﬁce buildings, hospitals, factories, utilities, and
industrial and energy facilities. The segments share several common global customers, but a large number of customers are
located regionally. Sales are made directly to original equipment manufacturers, utilities, and certain other end users, as well as
through distributors, resellers, and manufacturers' representatives.
Hydraulics
The Hydraulics segment is a global leader in hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile
equipment. Eaton offers a wide range of power products including pumps, motors and hydraulic power units; a broad range of
controls and sensing products including valves, cylinders and electronic controls; a full range of ﬂuid conveyance products
including industrial and hydraulic hose, ﬁttings, and assemblies, thermoplastic hose and tubing, couplings, connectors, and
assembly equipment; ﬁltration systems solutions; industrial drum and disc brakes; and golf grips. The principal markets for the
Hydraulics segment include renewable energy, marine, agriculture, oil and gas, construction, mining, forestry, utility, material
handling, truck and bus, machine tools, molding, primary metals, and power generation. Key manufacturing customers in these
markets and other customers are located globally. Products are sold and serviced through a variety of channels.
Aerospace
The Aerospace segment is a leading global supplier of aerospace fuel, hydraulics, and pneumatic systems for commercial
and military use. Products include hydraulic power generation systems for aerospace applications including pumps, motors,
hydraulic power units, hose and ﬁttings, electro-hydraulic pumps; controls and sensing products including valves, cylinders,
electronic controls, electromechanical actuators, sensors, aircraft ﬂap and slat systems and nose wheel steering systems; ﬂuid
conveyance products, including hose, thermoplastic tubing, ﬁttings, adapters, couplings, sealing and ducting; and fuel systems
including fuel pumps, sensors, valves, adapters and regulators. In addition, products included power and load management
systems and displays and panels until these businesses were sold in May of 2014. The principal markets for the Aerospace
segment are manufacturers of commercial and military aircraft and related after-market customers. These manufacturers and
other customers operate globally. Products are sold and serviced through a variety of channels.
Vehicle
The Vehicle segment is a leader in the design, manufacture, marketing, and supply of: drivetrain, powertrain systems and
critical components that reduce emissions and improve fuel economy, stability, performance, and safety of cars, light trucks and
commercial vehicles. Products include transmissions, clutches, hybrid power systems, superchargers, engine valves and valve
actuation systems, cylinder heads, locking and limited slip differentials, transmission controls, fuel vapor components, ﬂuid
connectors and conveyance products for the global vehicle industry. The principal markets for the Vehicle segment are original
equipment manufacturers and aftermarket customers of heavy-, medium-, and light-duty trucks, SUVs, CUVs, passenger cars
and agricultural equipment.
Other Information
No single customer represented greater than 10% of net sales in 2016, 2015 or 2014, respectively.
The accounting policies of the business segments are generally the same as the policies described in Note 1, except that
inventory and related cost of products sold of the segments are accounted for using the FIFO method and operating proﬁt only
reﬂects the service cost component related to pensions and other postretirement beneﬁts. Intersegment sales and transfers are
accounted for at the same prices as if the sales and transfers were made to third parties. These intersegment sales are eliminated
in consolidation. Operating proﬁt includes the operating proﬁt from intersegment sales.
5 7