Real estate and equity securities - These securities consist of direct investments in the stock of publicly traded companies.
Such investments are valued based on the closing price reported in an active market on which the individual securities are
traded. As such, the direct investments are classiﬁed as Level 1.
Cash equivalents - Primarily certiﬁcates of deposit, commercial paper, and repurchase agreements.
Exchange traded funds - Valued at the closing price of the exchange traded fund's shares.
Hedge funds - Consists of direct investments in hedge funds through limited partnership interests. Net asset values are based
on the estimated fair value of the ownership interest in the investment as determined by the General Partner. The majority of
the holdings of the hedge funds are in equity securities traded on public exchanges. The investment terms of the hedge
funds allow capital to be redeemed quarterly given prior notice with certain limitations. Hedge funds measured at fair value
using the net asset value per share practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being
presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets.
Money market funds - Money market funds measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient
have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy and are being presented in the tables above to permit a reconciliation of
the fair value hierarchy to the total plan assets.
Other - Primarily insurance contracts for international plans and also futures contracts and over-the-counter options. These
investments are valued based on the closing prices of future contracts or indices as available on Bloomberg or similar
service, and private equity investments.
For additional information regarding fair value measurements, see Note 12.
Deﬁned Contribution Plans
The Company has various deﬁned contribution beneﬁt plans, primarily consisting of the plans in the United States. The
total contributions related to these plans are charged to expense and were as follows:
[2016 $ 72]
2015 137
[2014 141]
Note 8. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
Legal Contingencies
Eaton is subject to a broad range of claims, administrative and legal proceedings such as lawsuits that relate to contractual
allegations, tax audits, patent infringement, personal injuries, antitrust matters and employment-related matters. Eaton is also
subject to asbestos claims from historic products which may have contained asbestos. Insurance may cover some of the costs
associated with these claims. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome or cost of these matters, the
Company believes they will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements. During the fourth
quarter of 2016, the Company was able to resolve several insurance matters. In total, the income from insurance matters was
$68.
In December 2010, a Brazilian court held that a judgment obtained by a Brazilian company, Raysul, against another
Brazilian company, Saturnia, which was sold by Eaton in 2006, could be enforced against Eaton Ltda. The judgment was based
on an alleged violation of an agency agreement between Raysul and Saturnia. At March 3 l, 2016, the Company had a total
accrual of 100 Brazilian Reais related to this matter ($31 based on June 2016 exchange rates). In June 2016, Eaton signed a
settlement agreement and resolved the matter, which did not have a material impact on the consolidated ﬁnancial statements.
On October 5, 2006, ZF Meritor LLC and Meritor Transmission Corporation (collectively, Meritor) ﬁled an action against
Eaton in the United States District Court for Delaware. The action sought damages, which would have been trebled under
United States antitrust laws, as well as injunctive relief and costs. The suit alleged that Eaton engaged in anti-competitive
conduct against Meritor in the sale of heavy-duty truck transmissions in North America. On June 23, 2014, Eaton announced it
signed a settlement agreement with Meritor in the amount of $500 that resolved the lawsuit and removed the uncertainty of a
trial and appeal process. On July 16, 2014, Eaton paid Meritor the $500.
38