REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Eaton Corporation plc
We have audited Eaton Corporation plc’s (“the Company”) internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of December 31,
2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework) (the COSO criteria). The Company’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting
based on our audit.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over ﬁnancial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding
of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of ﬁnancial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over ﬁnancial reporting includes those policies and procedures
that (l) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and
dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of ﬁnancial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the
company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the ﬁnancial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of
December 31, 2016 based on the COSO criteria.
We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States),
the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the related consolidated statements of
income, comprehensive income, shareholders’ equity and cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2016 and our report dated February 22, 2017 expressed an unqualiﬁed opinion thereon.
/s/ Ernst & Young LLP
Cleveland, Ohio
February 22, 2017
14