Frisby Corporation, now known as Triumph Actuation Systems, LLC, and other claimants (collectively, Triumph) asserted
claims alleging, among other things, unfair competition, defamation, malicious prosecution, deprivation of civil rights, and
antitrust in the Hinds County Circuit Court of Mississippi in 2004 and in the Federal District Court of North Carolina in 2011.
Eaton had asserted claims against Triumph regarding improper use of trade secrets and these claims were dismissed by the
Hinds County Circuit Court. On June 18, 2014, Eaton announced it signed a settlement agreement with Triumph in the amount
of $147.5 that resolved all claims and lawsuits and removed the uncertainty of a trial and appeal process. On July 8, 2014,
Eaton paid Triumph the $147.5.
Environmental Contingencies
Eaton has established policies to ensure that its operations are conducted in keeping with good corporate citizenship and
with a positive commitment to the protection of the natural and workplace environments. The Company's manufacturing
facilities are required to be certiﬁed to ISO 14001, an international standard for environmental management systems. The
Company routinely reviews EHS performance at each of its facilities and continuously strives to improve pollution prevention.
Eaton is involved in remedial response and voluntary environmental remediation at a number of sites, including certain of
its currently-owned or formerly-owned plants. The Company has also been named a potentially responsible party under the
United States federal Superfund law, or the state equivalents thereof, at a number of disposal sites. The Company became
involved in these sites as a result of government action or in connection with business acquisitions. At the end of 2016, the
Company was involved with a total of 121 sites worldwide, including the Superfund sites mentioned above, with none of these
sites being individually signiﬁcant to the Company.
Remediation activities, generally involving soil and/ or groundwater contamination, include pre-cleanup activities such as
fact ﬁnding and investigation, risk assessment, feasibility study, design and action planning, performance (where actions may
range from monitoring, to removal of contaminants, to installation of longer-term remediation systems), and operation and
maintenance of a remediation system. The extent of expected remediation activities and costs varies by site. A number of
factors affect the cost of environmental remediation, including the number of parties involved at a particular site, the
determination of the extent of contamination, the length of time the remediation may require, the complexity of environmental
regulations, and the continuing advancement of remediation technology. Taking these factors into account, Eaton has estimated
the costs of remediation, which will be paid over a period of years. The Company accrues an amount on an undiscounted basis,
consistent with the estimates of these costs, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred. Actual results may differ from
these estimates. At December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had an accrual totaling $124 and $131, respectively, for these
costs.
Based upon Eaton's analysis and subject to the difﬁculty in estimating these future costs, the Company expects that any sum
it may be required to pay in connection with environmental matters is not reasonably possible to exceed the recorded liability
by an amount that would have a material effect on its ﬁnancial position, results of operations or cash ﬂows.
Warranty Accruals
A summary of the current and long-term warranty accruals follows:
7 2016 if 2015 if 2014 7
[Balance at January 1 $ 195 $ 213 $ 189 J
Provision 1 17 104 125
[ Settled (130) (114) (120)]
Other 7 (2) 7 (8) 7 19 7
[Balance at December 31 7$ 180 i 77$ 195 i 77$ 213 l
39