Net cash used in ﬁnancing activities was $2,267 in 2015, an increase in use of cash of $137 compared to $2,130 in 2014.
The increase in the use of cash was primarily due to higher payments on borrowings of $1,027 in 2015 compared to $582 in
2014 and higher cash dividends paid of $1,026 in 2015 compared to $929 in 2014, offset by proceeds from borrowings of $425
in 2015.
Credit Ratings
Eaton's debt has been assigned the following credit ratings:
Credit Rating Agency (long- /short-term rating) 7 7 Rating 7 7 Outlook 7
[Standard & Poor's A—/A-2 Negative outlook J
Moody's Baal/P-2 Stable outlook
[Fitch BBB+/F2 Stable outlook ]
Deﬁned Benefits Plans
Pension Plans
During 2016, the fair value of plan assets in the Company’s employee pension plans increased $41 to $4,447 at
December 31, 2016. The increase in plan assets was primarily due to better than expected return on plan assets and the
Company's contributions to the pension plans, partially offset by the impact of negative currency translation. At December 31,
2016, the net unfunded position of $1,638 in pension liabilities consisted of $665 in the US. qualiﬁed pension plans, $850 in
plans that have no minimum funding requirements, and $190 in all other plans that require minimum funding, partially offset
by $67 in plans that are overfunded.
Funding requirements are a major consideration in making contributions to Eaton’s pension plans. With respect to the
Company’s pension plans worldwide, the Company intends to contribute annually not less than the minimum required by
applicable law and regulations. In 2016, $262 was contributed to the pension plans. The Company contributed $100 to US.
qualiﬁed pension plans in early 2017 and anticipates making an additional $115 of contributions to certain pension plans during
2017. The funded status of the Company’s pension plans at the end of 2017, and future contributions, will depend primarily on
the actual return on assets during the year and the discount rate used to calculate certain beneﬁts at the end of the year.
Depending on these factors, and the resulting funded status of the pension plans, the level of future contributions could be
materially higher or lower than in 2016.
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
Eaton does not have off-balance sheet arrangements or ﬁnancings with unconsolidated entities or other persons. In the
ordinary course of business, the Company leases certain real properties and equipment, as described in Note 8 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
The preparation of ﬁnancial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United
States requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that may involve the exercise of signiﬁcant judgment.
For any estimate or assumption used, there may be other reasonable estimates or assumptions that could have been used.
However, based on facts and circumstances inherent in developing estimates and assumptions, management believes it is
unlikely that applying other such estimates and assumptions would have caused materially different amounts to have been
reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates.
Revenue Recognition
Sales of products are recognized when a sales agreement is in place, products have been shipped to unafﬁliated customers
and title has transferred in accordance with shipping terms, the selling price is ﬁxed and determinable and collectability is
reasonably assured, all signiﬁcant related acts of performance have been completed, and no other signiﬁcant uncertainties exist.
Shipping and handling costs billed to customers are included in Net sales and the related costs in Cost of products sold.
Although the majority of the sales agreements contain standard terms and conditions, there are agreements that contain multiple
elements or non-standard terms and conditions. As a result, judgment is required to determine the appropriate accounting,
including whether the deliverables speciﬁed in these agreements should be treated as separate units of accounting for
recognition purposes, and, if so, how the sales price should be allocated among the elements and when to recognize sales for
each element. For delivered elements, sales generally are recognized only when the delivered elements have standalone value
and there are no uncertainties regarding customer acceptance. Sales for service contracts generally are recognized as the
services are provided.
76