Item LA.,O,uan1:itativejndnonamativenmsclospmesahom Marke1,R1;sk.,
Information regarding market risk is presented in “Market Risk Disclosure” of this Form 10-K.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,
The reports of the independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, consolidated ﬁnancial statements, and notes to
consolidated ﬁnancial statements are presented in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
Information regarding selected quarterly ﬁnancial information for 2016 and 2015 is presented in “Quarterly Data” of this
Form 10-K.
Item 9.7Change in andimsiagneiementis With Acicolmtiantsion Aicicioilmtiing,andiFinanciaLmscloslme,
None.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a—15, an evaluation was performed under the
supervision and with the participation of Eaton's management, including Craig Arnold - Principal Executive Ofﬁcer; and
Richard H. Fearon - Principal Financial Ofﬁcer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure
controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, Eaton's management concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016.
Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports
ﬁled or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, Within the time periods speciﬁed
in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation,
controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in Company reports ﬁled under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company's Principal Executive Ofﬁcer and
Principal Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations adopted pursuant thereto, Eaton
has included a report of management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, which is
included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
“Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” relating to internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of
December 31, 2016 is included in Item 15 of this Form 10-K.
During the fourth quarter of 2016, there was no change in Eaton's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting that materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
Item 913.7cherilnformation,
Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act
Set forth below is a description of all matters reported by us pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria
Human Rights Act of 2012 and Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act. Concurrently with the ﬁling of this Annual Report, we are
ﬁling a notice pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act that such matters have been disclosed in this Annual Report.
During the fourth quarter, we engaged in one transaction requiring disclosure under Section 13(r). On October 23, 2016, our
wholly-owned non-U.S. subsidiary sold a plastic panel board to Pars Petrochemical Company, which is owned by the
government of Iran. We received total net revenue of approximately 1,311 Euros and realized net proﬁts of approximately 392
Euros from the sale (approximately $1,426 and $426, respectively, at the exchange rates for US. dollars at the date of the sale
transactions). One or more of our non-U.S. subsidiaries intend to continue doing business in Iran under General License H in
compliance with US economic sanctions and export control laws, though the Company has no assets or employees in Iran.
7