Note 13. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
In the normal course of business, Eaton is exposed to certain risks related to ﬂuctuations in interest rates, currency
exchange rates and commodity prices. The Company uses various derivative and non-derivative ﬁnancial instruments,
primarily interest rate swaps, currency forward exchange contracts, currency swaps and, to a lesser extent, commodity
contracts, to manage risks from these market ﬂuctuations. The instruments used by Eaton are straightforward, non-leveraged
instruments. The counterparties to these instruments are ﬁnancial institutions with strong credit ratings. Eaton maintains control
over the size of positions entered into with any one counterparty and regularly monitors the credit rating of these institutions.
Such instruments are not purchased and sold for trading purposes.
Derivative ﬁnancial instruments are accounted for at fair value and recognized as assets or liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Accounting for the gain or loss resulting from the change in the fair value of the derivative ﬁnancial instrument
depends on whether it has been designated, and is effective, as part of a hedging relationship and, if so, as to the nature of the
hedging activity. Eaton formally documents all relationships between derivative ﬁnancial instruments accounted for as
designated hedges and the hedged item, as well as its risk-management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge
transaction. This process includes linking derivative ﬁnancial instruments to a recognized asset or liability, speciﬁc ﬁrm
commitment, forecasted transaction, or net investment in a foreign operation. These ﬁnancial instruments can be designated as:
° Hedges of the change in the fair value of a recognized ﬁxed-rate asset or liability, or the ﬁrm commitment to acquire
such an asset or liability (a fair value hedge); for these hedges, the gain or loss from the derivative ﬁnancial
instrument, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributable to the hedged risk, are recognized in
income during the period of change in fair value.
0 Hedges of the variable cash ﬂows of a recognized variable-rate asset or liability, or the forecasted acquisition of such
an asset or liability (a cash ﬂow hedge); for these hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss from the derivative
ﬁnancial instrument is recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and reclassiﬁed to income in the same
period when the gain or loss on the hedged item is included in income.
° Hedges of the currency exposure related to a net investment in a foreign operation (a net investment hedge); for these
hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss from the derivative ﬁnancial instrument is recognized in Accumulated
other comprehensive loss and reclassiﬁed to income in the same period when the gain or loss related to the net
investment in the foreign operation is included in income.
The gain or loss from a derivative ﬁnancial instrument designated as a hedge that is effective is classiﬁed in the same line
of the Consolidated Statements of Income as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item. The change in fair value of a
derivative ﬁnancial instrument that is not effective as a hedge is immediately recognized in income.
For derivatives that are not designated as a hedge, any gain or loss is immediately recognized in income. The majority of
derivatives used in this manner relate to risks resulting from assets or liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and certain
commodity contracts that arise in the normal course of business. During 2016, Eaton recognized a gain of $7 associated with
these commodity hedge contracts. Gains and losses associated with commodity hedge contracts are classiﬁed in Cost of
products sold.
Eaton uses certain of its debt denominated in foreign currency to hedge portions of its net investments in foreign operations
against foreign currency exposure (net investment hedges). Foreign currency denominated debt designated as non-derivative
net investment hedging instruments on an after-tax basis was $86 and $83 at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and
designated on a pre-tax basis was $572 at December 31, 2016. See Note 6 for additional information about debt.
Interest Rate Risk
Eaton has entered into ﬁxed-to-ﬂoating interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk of certain long-term debt. These
interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges of certain long-term debt. The maturity of the swap corresponds with
the maturity of the debt instrument as noted in the table of long-term debt in Note 6. Eaton has also entered into several forward
starting ﬂoating-to-ﬁxed interest rate swaps to manage interest rate risk on an anticipated debt reﬁnancing in 2017.
53