Item 1. Business
Overview
Home to the best-selling brands in the industry, Douglas Dynamics, Inc. (the “Company,” “we,”
“us,” “our”) is North America’s premier manufacturer and up-fitter of commercial work truck
attachments and equipment. For more than 65 years, the Company has been innovating products that
enable end users to perform their jobs more efficiently and effectively, providing opportunities for
businesses to increase profitability. Our commitment to continuous improvement enables us to
consistently produce high quality products and drive shareholder value. The Douglas Dynamics
portfolio of products and services is separated into two segments: First, the Work Truck Attachments
segment, which includes manufactured snow and ice control attachments sold under the FISHER®,
HENDERSON®, SNOWEX® and WESTERN® brands. Second, the Work Truck Solutions segment,
which includes the up-fit of market leading attachments and storage solutions for commercial work
vehicles under the DEJANA® brand and its related sub-brands. The Work Truck Solutions segment was
established as a result of the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Dejana Truck & Utility
Equipment Company, Inc. and certain entities directly or indirectly owned by Peter Paul Dejana Family
Trust Dated 12/31/98 (such assets, “Dejana”) in July 2016. For additional financial information
regarding our reportable business segments, see Note 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements of this report.
In our Work Truck Attachments segment, we offer a broad product line of snowplows and sand
and salt spreaders for light and heavy duty trucks that we believe to be the most complete line offered
in the US. and Canadian markets. We also provide a full range of related parts and accessories, which
generates an ancillary revenue stream throughout the lifecycle of our snow and ice control equipment.
We also provide customized turnkey solutions to governmental agencies such as Departments of
Transportation (“DOTS”) and municipalities. For the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014,
88%, 87% and 84% of our net sales in our Work Truck Attachments segment were generated from
sales of snow and ice control equipment, respectively, and 12%, 13% and 16% of our net sales in our
Work Truck Attachments segment were generated from sales of parts and accessories, respectively.
While we measure sales of parts and accessories separately from snow and ice control equipment, they
are integrated with one another and are not separable.
We sell our Work Truck Attachments products through a distributor network primarily to
professional snowplowers who are contracted to remove snow and ice from commercial, municipal and
residential areas. Over the last 50 years, we have engendered exceptional customer loyalty for our
products because of our ability to satisfy the stringent demands of our customers for a high degree of
quality, reliability and service. As a result, we believe our installed base is the largest in the light truck
market with over 500,000 snowplows and sand and salt spreaders in service. Because sales of snowplows
and sand and salt spreaders are primarily driven by the need of our core end-user base to replace worn
existing equipment, we believe our substantial installed base provides us with a high degree of
predictable sales over any extended period of time.
We believe that our Work Truck Attachments segment has the snow and ice control industry’s most
extensive distribution network worldwide, which consists of over 2,000 points of sale. Direct points of
shipment are predominantly through North American truck equipment and lawn care equipment
distributors. Most of our distributors are located throughout the snow belt regions in North America
(primarily the Midwest, East and Northeast regions of the United States as well as all provinces of
Canada). We have longstanding relationships with many of our distributors. We continually seek to
grow and optimize our network by opportunistically adding high-quality, well—capitalized distributors in
select geographic areas and by cross-selling our industry-leading brands within our distribution network.
Beginning in 2005, we have extended our reach to international markets, establishing distribution
relationships in Northern Europe and Asia, where we believe meaningful growth opportunities exist.
4