Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
20. Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)
amended guidance will become effective for the Company commencing in the first quarter of 2019.
Entities are required to use a modified retrospective approach, with early adoption permitted. The
Company is reviewing the revised guidance and assessing the impact on our consolidated financial
statements.
In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15—Presentati0n of Financial Statements—Going
Concern (Subtopic 205-40): Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a
Going Concern (“ASU 2014-15”). ASU 2014-15 defines management’s responsibility to evaluate
whether there is substantial doubt about an organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and
provides related footnote disclosure requirements. Under US. GAAP, financial statements are prepared
under the presumption that the reporting organization will continue to operate as a going concern,
except in limited circumstances. Financial reporting under this presumption is commonly referred to as
the going concern basis of accounting. The going concern basis of accounting establishes the
fundamental basis for measuring and classifying assets and liabilities. The Update provides guidance on
when there is substantial doubt about an organization’s ability to continue as a going concern and how
the underlying conditions and events should be disclosed in the footnotes. It is intended to reduce
diversity that existed in footnote disclosures because of the lack of guidance about when substantial
doubt existed. The amendments in this Update is effective for the for the year ended December 31,
2016 in which the Company has adopted the standard. The adoption by the Company has not had a
material impact on the financial statements.
In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, Simplifying the Accounting for
Measurement-Period Adjustments, which eliminates the requirement for an acquirer in a business
combination to account for measurement-period adjustments retrospectively. Instead, acquirers must
recognize measurement-period adjustments during the period in which they determined the amounts,
including the effect on earnings of any amounts they would have recorded in previous periods if the
accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. The ASU is applied prospectively to
adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date. The ASU is effective for the
Company on December 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company has adopted this
guidance which has not had a significant impact on our financial condition, results of operations or
presentation of our financial statements.
21. Subsequent Events
On February 8, 2017 the Company entered into an amendment to its Term Loan Credit
Agreement to decrease the interest rate margins that apply to the term loan facility from 3.25% to
2.50% for ABR Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and from 4.25% to 3.50% for
Eurodollar Rate Loans (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement), such that the senior secured
term loan facility generally bears interest at a rate of (at the Company’s election) either (i) 2.50% per
annum plus the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) in
effect on such day, (b) the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with
members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers plus 0.50% and (c) 1.00%
plus the greater of (1) the LIBOR for a one month interest period multiplied by the Statutory Reserve
Rate (as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement) and (2) 2.00% or (ii) 3.50% per annum plus the
F-55