Long-term growth in the overall snow and ice control equipment market also results from
geographic expansion of developed areas in the snow belt regions of North America, as well as
consumer demand for technological enhancements in snow and ice control equipment and related parts
and accessories that improves efficiency and reliability. Continued construction in the snow belt regions
in North America increases the aggregate area requiring snow and ice removal, thereby growing the
market for snow and ice control equipment. In addition, the development and sale of more reliable,
more efficient and more sophisticated products have contributed to an approximate 2% to 4% average
unit price increase in each of the past five years.
Work Truck Solutions Segment.
Our Work Truck Solutions Segment primarily participates in the truck and vehicle up-fitting
industry in the United States. This industry consists predominantly of domestic participants that up-fit
work trucks and vehicles. Specifically, there are regional market leaders that operate in close proximity
to the original equipment vehicle manufacturers’ facilities and vehicle ports of entry. In addition to the
regional market leaders, there exist smaller up-fit businesses. Our Work Truck Solutions segment
competes against both the other regional market leaders and the smaller market participants. The
annual demand for up-fit vehicles is subject to the general macro-economic environment trends.
We believe our Work Truck Solutions segment is a regional market leasder. We serve a variety of
different customers that include dealers who typically sell to end users and to large national customers
who purchase ﬂeets of up-fitted vehicles. We believe that approximately half of our revenues are
derived from dealer customers, while approximately 40% of our revenues are ﬂeet sales.
Long term growth in the truck and vehicle up-fit market will depend on technological advances in
the component products and advances in the original equipment manufacturer’s vehicles, as well
customer demand for such products. Along with technological advancements, end users are demanding
more specialized vehicles specifically related to their unique work related needs, which we expect will
further increase demand. Along with technological advancements, products become more complex in
the marketplace, thus increasing the importance of the role of the truck up-fitter in the value chain.
Our Competitive Strengths
We compete solely with other North American manufacturers and up-fitters who do not benefit
from our manufacturing efficiencies, depth and breadth of products, extensive distributor network and
customer relationships. As the market leader in the industries we serve, we enjoy a set of competitive
advantages versus smaller competitors, which allows us to generate robust cash ﬂows in all market
environments and to support continued investment in our products, distribution capabilities and brand
regardless of annual volume ﬂuctuations. We believe these advantages are rooted in the following
competitive strengths and reinforces our industry leadership over time.
Exceptional Customer Loyalty and Brand Equity. Our brands enjoy exceptional customer loyalty and
brand equity in the snow and ice control equipment and truck up-fitting industries with both end-users
and distributors, which have been developed through over 50 years of superior innovation, productivity,
reliability and support, consistently delivered year after year. We believe past brand experience, rather
than price, is the key factor impacting our brands.
Broadest and Most Innovative Product Oﬁering. In our Work Truck Attachments segment, we
provide the industry’s broadest product offering with a full range of snowplows, sand and salt Spreaders
and related parts and accessories. We believe we maintain the industry’s largest and most advanced
in-house new product development program, historically introducing several new and redesigned
products each year. Our broad product offering and commitment to new product development is
essential to maintaining and growing our leading market share position as well as continuing to
7