our products could also result in increased product liability claims. Any of these issues could also result
in loss of market share, reduced sales, and higher warranty expense.
We are heavily dependent on our Chief Executive Oﬁicer and management team.
Our continued success depends on the retention, recruitment and continued contributions of key
management, finance, sales and marketing personnel, some of whom could be difficult to replace. Our
success is largely dependent upon our senior management team, led by our Chief Executive Officer and
other key managers. The loss of any one or more of such persons could have an adverse effect on our
business and financial condition.
Our indebtedness could adversely aﬁect our operations, including our ability to perform our obligations and
pay dividends.
As of December 31, 2016, we had approximately $316 million of senior secured indebtedness, no
outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and $90 million of borrowing availability
under the revolving credit facility. We may also be able to incur substantial indebtedness in the future,
including senior indebtedness, which may or may not be secured.
Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following:
° We could have difficulty satisfying our debt obligations, and if we fail to comply with these
requirements, an event of default could result;
° We may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash ﬂow from operations to
required payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the cash ﬂow available to pay dividends or
fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities;
° Covenants relating to our indebtedness may restrict our ability to make distributions to our
stockholders;
° Covenants relating to our indebtedness may limit our ability to obtain additional financing for
working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate activities, which may limit our
ﬂexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we
operate;
° We may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
° We may be placed at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with less debt;
and
° We may have difficulty repaying or refinancing our obligations under our senior credit facilities
on their respective maturity dates.
If any of these consequences occur, our financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay
dividends could be adversely affected. This, in turn, could negatively affect the market price of our
common stock, and we may need to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or
restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise
additional capital. We cannot assure you that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could
be sold, or, if sold, of the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds that may be realized from
those sales, or that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all.
Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations
to increase signiﬁcantly and could impose adverse consequences.
Certain of our borrowings, including our term loan and any revolving borrowings under our senior
credit facilities, are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. In addition, the
18