Any refocus away from quality in favor of cheaper equipment could cause end-users to shift away from
our products to less expensive competitor products, or to shift away from our more profitable products
to our less profitable products, which in turn would adversely affect our results of operations and our
ability to pay dividends.
Our failure to maintain good relationships with our customers and distributors, the loss or consolidation of
our distributor base or the actions or inactions of our distributors could have an adverse eﬁ’ect on our results
of operations and our ability to pay dividends.
We depend on a network of truck equipment distributors to sell, install and service our products
and up-fitted vehicles. Nearly all of these sales and service relationships are at will, so almost all of our
distributors could discontinue the sale and service of our products and up-fitted vehicles at any time,
and those distributors that primarily sell our products and up-fitted vehicles may choose to sell
competing products or vehicles at any time. Further, difficult economic or other circumstances could
cause any of our distributors to discontinue their businesses. Moreover, if our distributor base were to
consolidate or if any of our distributors were to discontinue their business, competition for the business
of fewer distributors would intensify. If we do not maintain good relationships with our distributors and
customers, or if we do not provide product or up-fit offerings and pricing that meet the needs of our
distributors and customers, we could lose a substantial amount of our distributor and customer base. A
loss of a substantial portion of our distributor and customer base could cause our sales to decline
significantly, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and ability to pay
dividends.
In addition, our distributors may not provide timely or adequate service to our end-users. If this
occurs, our brand identity and reputation may be damaged, which would have an adverse effect on our
results of operations and ability to pay dividends.
Lack of available ﬁnancing options for our end-users or distributors may adversely aﬁect our sales volumes.
Our end-user base in our Work Truck Attachments segment is highly concentrated among
professional snowplowers, who comprise over 50% of our end-users, many of whom are individual
landscapers who remove snow during the winter and landscape during the rest of the year, rather than
large, well-capitalized corporations. These end-users often depend upon credit to purchase our Work
Truck Attachments products. If credit is unavailable on favorable terms or at all, these end-users may
not be able to purchase our Work Truck Attachments products from our distributors, which would in
turn reduce sales and adversely affect our results of operations and ability to pay dividends.
In addition, because our distributors, like our end-users, rely on credit to purchase our products, if
our distributors are not able to obtain credit, or access credit on favorable terms, we may experience
delays in payment or nonpayment for delivered products. Further, if our distributors are unable to
obtain credit or access credit on favorable terms, they could experience financial difficulties or
bankruptcy and cease purchases of our products altogether. Thus, if financing is unavailable on
favorable terms or at all, our results of operations and ability to pay dividends would be adversely
affected.
The price of steel, a commodity necessary to manufacture our products, is highly variable. If the price of steel
increases, our gross margins could decline.
Steel is a significant raw material used to manufacture our products. During 2016, 2015 and 2014,
our steel purchases were approximately 12%, 15% and 13% of our revenue, respectively. The steel
industry is highly cyclical in nature, and steel prices have been volatile in recent years and may remain
volatile in the future. Steel prices are inﬂuenced by numerous factors beyond our control, including
general economic conditions domestically and internationally, the availability of raw materials,
13