Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
20. Recent Accounting Pronouncements (Continued)
guidance, which requires entities to separately present deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities as
current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. The Company is required to adopt ASU 2015-17
for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 31, 2016.
Early adoption will be permitted. This guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on the
Company’s financial condition, results of operations or presentation of its financial statements.
In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-11, Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which
requires most entities to measure most inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value
(“NRV”). This simplifies the evaluation from the current method of lower of cost or market, where
market is based on one of three measures (i.e. replacement cost, net realizable value, or net realizable
value less a normal profit margin). The ASU does not apply to inventories measured under the last-in,
first—out method or the retail inventory method, and defines NRV as the “estimated selling price in the
ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and
transportation.” The Company is required to adopt ASU 2015-11 for fiscal years, and for interim
periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2016 on a prospective basis, with early
adoption will be permitted.This guidance is not expected to have a significant impact on its financial
condition, results of operations or presentation of its financial statements.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230):
Classiﬁcation of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments, which amends guidance on the classification
of certain cash receipts and payments in the statement of cash ﬂows. The amended guidance will
become effective for the Company commencing in the first quarter of 2018. Early adoption is
permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on our consolidated
financial statements.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Stock-based Compensation: Improvements to
Employee Share-based Payment Accounting, which simplifies several aspects of the accounting for share-
based payment transactions, including the accounting for income taxes, forfeitures, statutory tax
withholding requirements, and statement of cash ﬂow classification. The amended guidance will become
effective for the Company commencing in the first quarter of 2017. Early adoption is permitted. We are
currently evaluating the impact of this new standard on our consolidated financial statements, including
the impact on our provision for income taxes on our consolidated income statement.
In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-05 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of
Derivative Contract Novations on Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships. This amendment clarifies that
a change in the counterparty to a derivative instrument does not on its own require dedesignation of
the hedging instrument under Topic 815, provided that all other hedge accounting criteria (including
those in paragraphs 815-20-35-14 through 35-18) continue to be met. This update can be applied
prospectively or retrospectively and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and
interim periods within those years. This update is not expected to have an impact to our financial
statements.
In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases, which, among other things, requires
lessees to recognize most leases on—balance sheet. The standard requires the recognition of lease assets
and lease liabilities by lessees for those leases classified as operating leases under previous GAAP. The
F-54