While snowfall levels vary within a given year and from year-to—year, snowfall, and the
corresponding replacement cycle of snow and ice control equipment, is relatively consistent over
multi-year periods. The following chart depicts aggregate annual and ten-year (based on the typical life
of our snowplows) rolling average of the aggregate snowfall levels in 66 cities in 26 snow belt states
across the Northeast, East, Midwest and Western United States where we monitor snowfall levels from
1980 to 2016. As the chart indicates, since 1984 aggregate snowfall levels in any given rolling ten-year
period have been fairly consistent, ranging from 2,782 to 3,345 inches.
Snowfall in Snowbelt States (inches)
(for October 1 through March 31)
5,000
4,000 \/\k
3,000 W
23‘ V
2,000
1,000
' :IgI7IaI7IEI7IgI7IEliIgI7IaIfigI7lgI7IEI7IQI7IaI7IEI7IElilglilglilililglilglil
+Annual Snowfall -c:—10-year average annual snowfall
Note: The 10-year rolling average snowfall is not presented prior to 1984 for purposes of the
calculation due to lack of snowfall data prior to 1975. Snowfall data in this chart is not
adjusted for snowfall outside of the 66 cities in the 26 states reﬂected.
Source: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s National Weather Service.
The demand for snow and ice control equipment can also be inﬂuenced by general economic
conditions in the United States, as well as local economic conditions in the snow-belt regions in North
America. In stronger economic conditions, our end-users may choose to replace or upgrade existing
equipment before its useful life has ended, while in weak economic conditions, our end-users may seek
to extend the useful life of equipment, thereby increasing the sales of parts and accessories. However,
since snow and ice control management is a non-discretionary service necessary to ensure public safety
and continued personal and commercial mobility in populated areas that receive snowfall, end-users
cannot extend the useful life of snow and ice control equipment indefinitely and must replace
equipment that has become too worn, unsafe or unreliable, regardless of economic conditions. While
our parts and accessories yield slightly higher gross margins than our snow and ice control equipment,
they yield significantly lower revenue than equipment sales, which adversely affects our results of
operations. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Seasonality and Year-to-Year Variability.”
6