Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
14. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued)
The Company entered into lease agreements at the time of the close of the Dejana acquisition
with parties that are affiliated with the former owners of Dejana and are still employed at Dejana post-
acquisition. The related parties continue to own land and buildings where Dejana conducts business.
The Company incurred $1,665 of total operating lease rent expense in the year ended 2016, of which
$797 were to related parties. As the Company makes monthly payments to the related parties, there are
no amounts owed to the related parties at December 31, 2016. The Company incurred $485 of
operating lease rent expense related to its facilities in the year ended December 31, 2015 all to third
parties.
15. Segments
As a result of the Dejana acquisition which closed on July 15, 2016, the Company operates
through two operating segments for which separate financial information is available, and for which
operating results are evaluated regularly by the Company’s chief operating decision maker in
determining resource allocation and assessing performance. Prior to the acquisition of Dejana, the
Company operated one operating segment and one reportable business segment which consisted of the
manufacture and sale of snow and ice control products. The Company’s two current reportable business
segments are described below.
Work Truck Attachments. The Work Truck Attachments segment includes snow and ice
management attachments sold under the FISHER®, WESTERN®, HENDERSON® and SNOWEX®
brands. This segment consists of the Company’s operations that, prior to the acquisition of Dejana, was
a single operating segment, consisting of the manufacture and sale of snow and ice control products.
Work Truck Solutions. The Work Truck Solutions segment, which was created as a result of the
Dejana acquisition, includes the up-fit of market leading attachments and storage solutions for
commercial work vehicles under the DEJANA® brand and its related sub-brands.
Segment performance is evaluated based on segment net sales, gross margin and operating income.
Items not allocated to segment operating income include corporate administrative expenses and certain
other amounts that include various support functions, such as information technology, corporate
finance, legal, executive administration and human resources. No single customer’s revenues amounted
to 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue. Sales are primarily within the United States and
substantially all assets are located within the United States.
F-48