Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis of our ﬁnancial condition and results of operations for the years
ended December 31, 2014, 2015 and 2016 should be read together with our audited consolidated financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the
information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategies for our business, includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the “Risk Factors” section
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to
differ materially from the results described in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Results of Operations
Dejana Acquisition and Operating Segments
On July 15, 2016, the Company acquired the Dejana business. As a result of the Dejana
acquisition, the Company now operates through two reportable business segments. Prior to the
acquisition of Dejana, the Company operated one operating segment and one reportable business
segment, which consisted of the manufacture and sale of snow and ice control products. The
Company’s two current reportable business segments are described below.
Work Truck Attachments. The Work Truck Attachments segment includes snow and ice
management attachments sold under the FISHER®, WESTERN®, HENDERSON® and SNOWEX®
brands. This segment consists of our operations that, prior to our acquisition of Dejana, were our single
operating segment, consisting of the manufacture and sale of snow and ice control products. As
described under “Seasonality and Year-To- Year Variability,” the Work Truck Attachments segment is
seasonal and, as a result, its results of operations can vary from quarter-to-quarter and from
year-to-year.
Work Truck Solutions. The Work Truck Solutions segment, which was created as a result of the
Dejana acquisition, includes the premier truck up—fit of market leading attachments and storage
solutions for commercial work vehicles under the DEJANA® brand and its related sub-brands.
Because the Work Truck Solutions segment consists only of the assets of Dejana that were
acquired during the year ended December 31, 2016, all results from prior periods have been solely
attributable to the Work Truck Attachments segment and we therefore continue to report our results of
operations from such periods on a consolidated basis. See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for information concerning individual segment performance for the years ended
December 31, 2016, December 31, 2015 and December 31, 2014, respectively.
Overview
Although we diversified and expanded our portfolio with the acquisition of Dejana during the year
ended December 31, 2016, snowfall is still the primary factor in evaluating our business results due to
its significant impact on the results of operations of our Work Truck Attachments segment. We typically
compare the snowfall level in a given period both to the snowfall level in the prior season and to those
snowfall levels we consider to be average. References to “average snowfall” levels below refer to the
aggregate average inches of snowfall recorded in 66 cities in 26 snow-belt states in the United States
during the annual snow season, from October 1 through March 31, from 1980 to 2016. During this
period, snowfall averaged 3,040 inches, with the low in such period being 1,794 inches and the high
being 4,502 inches.
During the six-month snow season ended March 31, 2016, snowfall was 2,255 inches, which was
25.8% lower than average. Meanwhile, during the six-month snow season ended March 31, 2015, we
28