increase the profitability of our business. Meanwhile at our Work Truck Solutions segment, each up-fit
is customized to the specific needs of our customers.
Extensive North American Distributor Network. With over 2,000 points of sale at our Work Truck
Attachments segment, we benefit from having what we believe to be the most extensive distributor
network in the light truck and heavy duty snow and ice control equipment industry, providing a
significant competitive advantage over our peers. Our distributors function not only as sales and
support agents (providing access to parts and service), but also as industry partners providing real-time
end-user information, such as retail inventory levels, changing consumer preferences or desired
functionality enhancements, which we use as the basis for our product development efforts.
Leader in Operational Eﬂiciency. We believe we are a leader in operational efficiency in our
industries, resulting from our application of lean manufacturing principles and a highly variable cost
structure. By utilizing lean principles, we are able to adjust production levels easily to meet ﬂuctuating
demand, while controlling costs in slower periods. This operational efficiency is supplemented by our
highly variable cost structure, driven in part by our access to a sizable temporary workforce (comprising
approximately 10-15% of our total workforce during average snowfall years), which we can quickly
adjust, as needed. These manufacturing efficiencies enable us to respond rapidly to urgent customer
demand during times of sudden and unpredictable snowfalls, allowing us to provide exceptional service
to our existing customer base and capture new customers from competitors that we believe cannot
service their customers’ needs with the same speed and reliability.
Strong Cash Flow Generation. We are able to generate significant cash ﬂow as a result of relatively
consistent high profitability, low capital spending requirements and predictable timing of our working
capital requirements. Our cash ﬂow results will also benefit substantially from approximately
$31.0 million of annual tax-deductible intangible and goodwill expense over the next two years, which
has the impact of reducing our corporate taxes owed by approximately $11.8 million on an annual basis
during this period, in the event we have sufficient taxable income to utilize such benefit. Additionally,
we expect to have substantial benefits of tax deductible intangible and goodwill amortization expense
beyond the next two years with at least $10.0 million for the twelve years beyond 2018, which we expect
to have the impact of reducing our corporate taxes owed by approximately $3.8 million on an annual
basis during this period. Our significant cash ﬂow has allowed us to reinvest in our business, pay down
long term debt, and pay substantial dividends on a pro rata basis to our stockholders.
Experienced Management Team. We believe our business benefits from an exceptional management
team that is responsible for establishing our leadership in light truck and heavy duty the snow and ice
control equipment and truck up-fitting industries. Our senior management team, consisting of four
officers, has an average of approximately 26 years of weather-related industry experience and an
average of over sixteen years with our company. James J anik, our Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer, has been with us for over 24 years and in his role as President and Chief Executive
Officer since 2000, and through his strategic vision, we have been able to expand our distributor
network and grow our market leading position.
Our Business Strategy
Our business strategy is to capitalize on our competitive strengths to maximize cash ﬂow to pay
dividends, reduce indebtedness and reinvest in our business to create stockholder value. We have also
developed a management system called the Douglas Dynamics Management System that is intended to
assist in value creation and enhanced customer service. The building blocks of our strategy are:
Continuous Product Innovation. We believe new product innovation is critical to maintaining and
growing our market-leading position in the snow and ice control equipment industry. We will continue
to focus on developing innovative solutions to increase productivity, ease of use, reliability, durability
8