product offerings and access to its network of dealers. We plan to continue to evaluate other
acquisition opportunities within our industry that can help us expand our distribution reach, enhance
our technology and as a consequence improve the breadth and depth of our product lines. We also
consider diversification opportunities in adjacent markets that complement our business model and
could offer us the ability to leverage our core competencies to create stockholder value.
Increase Our Industry Leading Market Share. In our Work Truck Attachments segment, we plan to
leverage our industry leading position, distribution network and new product innovation capabilities to
capture market share in the North American snow and ice control equipment market, focusing our
primary efforts on increasing penetration in those North American markets where we believe our
overall market share is less than 50%, including the heavy duty truck market. We also plan to continue
growing our presence in the snow and ice control equipment market outside of North America,
particularly in Asia and Europe, which we believe could provide significant growth opportunities in the
future. At our Work Truck Solutions segment, we plan to leverage our regional market leading position
and utilize our Douglas Dynamics Management System to further penetrate up-fit markets and to grow
our customer base.
Employees
As of December 31, 2016, we employed 1,633 employees on a full-time basis. None of our
employees are represented by a union and we are not party to any collective bargaining agreements.
Financing program
We are party to a financing program in which certain distributors may elect to finance their
purchases from us through a third party financing company. We provide the third party financing
company recourse against us regarding the collectability of the receivable under the program due to the
fact that if the third party financing company is unable to collect from the distributor the amounts due
in respect of the product financed, we would be obligated to repurchase any remaining inventory
related to the product financed and reimburse any legal fees incurred by the financing company.
During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, distributors financed purchases of
$7.6 million, $7.6 million and $5.6 million through this financing program, respectively. At both
December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no uncollectible outstanding receivables related
to sales financed under the financing program. The amount owed by our distributors to the third party
financing company under this program at December 31, 2016 and 2015 was $6.8 million and
$2.8 million, respectively. We were required to repurchase no repossessed inventory for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
In the past, minimal losses have been incurred under this agreement. However, an adverse change
in distributor retail sales could cause this situation to change and thereby require us to repurchase
repossessed units. Any repossessed units are inspected to ensure they are current, unused product and
are restocked and resold.
Intellectual Property
We maintain patents relating to snowplow mounts, assemblies, hydraulics, electronics and lighting
systems, brooms, sand, salt and fertilizer spreader assemblies, reel handlers and carriers and shelving
systems. Patents are valid for the longer period of 17 years from issue date or 20 years from filing date.
The duration of the patents we currently possess range between less than one year and 18 years of
remaining life. Our patent applications date from 1997 through 2016.
10