professional snowplowers, by their financial ability to purchase new or replacement snow and ice
control equipment, both of which are significantly affected by snowfall levels. Heavy snowfall during a
given winter causes usage of our Work Truck Attachments products to increase, resulting in greater
wear and tear to our products and a shortening of their life cycles, thereby creating a need for
replacement snow and ice control equipment and related parts and accessories. In addition, when there
is a heavy snowfall in a given winter, the increased income our professional snowplowers generate from
their professional snowplow activities provides them with increased purchasing power to purchase
replacement snow and ice control equipment prior to the following winter. To a lesser extent, sales of
our Work Truck Attachments products are inﬂuenced by the timing of snowfall in a given winter.
Because an early snowfall can be viewed as a sign of a heavy upcoming snow season, our Work Truck
Attachments segment’s end-users may respond to an early snowfall by purchasing replacement snow
and ice control equipment during the current season rather that delaying purchases until after the
season is over when most purchases are typically made by end-users.
We attempt to manage the seasonal impact of snowfall on our Work Truck Attachments segment
revenues in part through our pre-season sales program, which involves actively soliciting and
encouraging pre—season distributor orders in the second and third quarters by offering our distributors a
combination of pricing, payment and freight incentives during this period. These pre—season sales
incentives encourage our distributors to re-stock their inventory during the second and third quarters in
anticipation of the peak fourth quarter retail sales period by offering favorable pre-season pricing and
payment deferral until the fourth quarter. As a result, we tend to generate our greatest volume of sales
(an average of over two-thirds over the last ten years) during the second and third quarters, providing
us with manufacturing visibility for the remainder of the year. By contrast, our revenue and operating
results tend to be lowest during the first quarter as management believes our end-users prefer to wait
until the beginning of a snow season to purchase new equipment and as our distributors sell off
inventory and wait for our pre-season sales incentive period to re-stock inventory. Fourth quarter sales
vary from year-to—year as they are primarily driven by the level, timing and location of snowfall during
the quarter. This is because most of our fourth quarter sales and shipments consist of re-orders by
distributors seeking to restock inventory to meet immediate customer needs caused by snowfall during
the winter months.
Our Work Truck Attachments segment revenue and operating results tend to be lowest during the
first quarter, during which period we typically experience negative earnings as the snow season draws to
a close. Our Work Truck Attachments segment first quarter revenue has varied from approximately
$8.5 million to approximately $53.9 million between 2012 and 2016. During the last five-year period,
net income (loss) during the first quarter has varied from a net income of approximately $5.3 million to
a net loss of approximately $4.3 million, with an average net loss of $0.1 million.
While our Work Truck Attachments monthly working capital has averaged approximately
$85 million from 2014 to 2016, because of the seasonality of our sales, we experience seasonality in our
working capital needs as well. In the first quarter we require capital as we are generally required to
build our inventory in anticipation of our second and third quarter sales seasons. During the second
and third quarters, our working capital requirements rise as our accounts receivables increase as a
result of the sale and shipment of products ordered through our pre-season sales program and we
continue to build inventory. Working capital requirements peak towards the end of the third quarter
(reaching an average peak of approximately $100.0 million over the prior three years) and then begin
to decline through the fourth quarter through a reduction in accounts receivables (as it is in the fourth
quarter that we receive a majority of the payments for previously shipped products).
46