and serviceability of our products and on incorporating lean manufacturing concepts into our product
development process, which has allowed us to reduce the overall cost of development and, more
importantly, to reduce our time-to-market by nearly one-half.
Distributor Network and Customer Optimization. At our Work Truck Attachment segment, we will
continually seek opportunities to continue to expand our extensive distribution network by adding
high-quality, well-capitalized distributors in select geographic areas and by cross-selling our industry-
leading brands within our distribution network to ensure we maximize our ability to generate revenue
while protecting our industry leading reputation, customer loyalty and brands. We will also focus on
optimizing this network by providing in-depth training, valuable distributor support and attractive
promotional and incentive opportunities. As a result of these efforts, we believe a majority of our
distributors choose to sell our products exclusively. We believe this sizable high quality network is
unique in the industry, providing us with valuable insight into purchasing trends and customer
preferences, and would be very difficult to replicate. At our Work Truck Solutions segment, we have
well developed customer relationships resulting from being responsive to the needs of our customers.
We will seek opportunities to continue to expand our customer group by increasing throughput allowing
us to grow our customer base and continuing to be responsive to our customers’ specialized up-fit
needs.
Aggressive Asset Management and Proﬁt Focus. We will continue to aggressively manage our assets
in order to maximize our cash ﬂow generation despite seasonal and annual variability in snowfall levels
that affect our Work Truck Attachments segment. We believe our ability is unique in our industry and
enables us to achieve attractive margins in all snowfall environments. Key elements of our asset
management and profit focus strategies include:
0 employment of a highly variable cost structure, which allows us to quickly adjust costs in
response to real-time changes in demand;
° use of enterprise—wide lean principles, which allow us to easily adjust production levels up or
down to meet demand;
0 implementation of a pre-season order program, which incentivizes distributors to place orders
prior to the retail selling season and thereby enables us to more efficiently utilize our assets; and
0 development of a vertically integrated business model, which we believe provides us cost
advantages over our competition.
Additionally, although modest, our capital expenditure requirements and operating expenses can
be temporarily reduced in response to anticipated or actual lower sales in a particular year to maximize
cash ﬂow.
Flexible, Lean Enterprise Platform. We will continue to utilize lean principles to maximize the
ﬂexibility, efficiency and productivity of our manufacturing operations while reducing the associated
costs, enabling us to increase distributor and end-user satisfaction. For example, in an environment
where shorter lead times and near-perfect order fulfillment are important to our distributors, we
believe our lean processes have helped us to improve our shipping performance and build a reputation
for providing industry leading shipping performance.
Our Growth Opportunities
Opportunistically Seek New Products and New Markets. On July 15, 2016, we completed our
acquisition of Dejana, which we believe significantly strengthens our position as a premier manufacturer
and up-fitter of vehicle attachments and equipment. Adding the Dejana business is expected to diversify
our revenue streams and reduce the inﬂuence of weather on the overall business going forward. On
December 31, 2014, we completed our acquisition of Henderson, which gave us Henderson’s full line of
9