low level or lack of snowfall in any given year in any of the snow—belt regions in North America
(primarily the Midwest, East and Northeast regions of the United States as well as all provinces of
Canada) will likely cause sales of our Work Truck Attachments products to decline in such year as well
as the subsequent year, which in turn may adversely affect our results of operations and ability to pay
dividends. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Seasonality and Year-to-Year Variability.” A sustained period of reduced snowfall events
in one or more of the geographic regions in which we offer our products could cause our results of
operations to decline and adversely affect our ability to pay dividends.
The year-to-year variability of our Work Truck Attachments segment can cause our results of operations and
ﬁnancial condition to be materially diﬁerent from year-to-year; whereas the seasonality of our Work T ruck
Attachments segment can cause our results of operations and ﬁnancial condition to be materially diﬁerent
ﬁom quarter-to-quarter.
Because our Work Truck Attachments segment depends on the level, timing and location of
snowfall, our results of operations vary from year-to—year. Additionally, because the annual snow season
typically only runs from October 1 through March 31, our distributors typically purchase our Work
Truck Attachments products during the second and third quarters. As a result, we operate in a seasonal
business. We not only experience seasonality in our sales, but also experience seasonality in our
working capital needs. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition of our Work
Truck Attachments segment can vary from year-to-year, as well as from quarter-to—quarter, which could
affect our ability to pay dividends. If we are unable to effectively manage the seasonality and
year-to-year variability of our Work Truck Attachments segment, our results of operations, financial
condition and ability to pay dividends may suffer.
If economic conditions in the United States continue to remain weak or deteriorate further; or if spending by
governmental agencies is limited or reduced, our results of operations, ﬁnancial condition and ability to pay
dividends may be adversely aﬁected.
Historically, demand for snow and ice control equipment for light and heavy duty trucks as well as
up-fitted vehicles has been inﬂuenced by general economic conditions in the United States, as well as
local economic conditions in the snow-belt regions in North America. During the last few years,
economic conditions throughout the United States have been weak and spending by governmental
agencies such as DOTs and municipalities has been constrained. Although conditions have improved
from 2011 through 2016, this trend may not continue in the foreseeable future. Weakened economic
conditions and limited or reduced government spending may cause both our Work Truck Attachments
and Work Truck Solutions end-users to delay purchases of replacement snow and ice control equipment
and up-fit vehicles and instead repair their existing equipment and vehicles, leading to a decrease in
our sales of new equipment and up-fitted vehicles. Specific to our Work Truck Attachments segment,
weakened economic conditions and limited or reduced governmental spending may also cause our
end-users to delay their purchases of new light and heavy duty trucks. Because our end-users tend to
purchase new snow and ice control equipment concurrent with their purchase of new light or heavy
duty trucks, their delay in purchasing new light or heavy duty trucks can also result in the deferral of
their purchases of new snow and ice control equipment. The deferral of new equipment purchases
during periods of weak economic conditions or limited or reduced government spending may negatively
affect our results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends.
Weakened economic conditions or limited or reduced government spending may also cause both
our Work Truck Attachments and Work Truck Solutions end-users to consider price more carefully in
selecting new snow and ice control equipment and up-fit vehicles, respectively. Historically,
considerations of quality and service have outweighed considerations of price, but in a weak economy,
or an environment of constrained government spending, price may become a more important factor.
12