m
LDD©UD®LAS
LDDVRE]AMID@S
March 17, 2017 preseason order period for our commercial snow and
ice control products.
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Despite these facts, our most recent review of dealer
. , , field inventory levels at the end of January indicated
when Vlewefi from the “We, I ﬁrmly behwe that 201,6 inventories were only marginally higher than last year,
W111 be COHSldeEed a very Important and pwotal year In which is in line with our expectations and bodes well for
our Company S long hlstory', In faCt’ I WOUld the coming year. As many of you know, we also track
CharaCtglze 2016 as a fantastlc year for Douglas select North American pickup truck sales. The latest
DynamlFS‘ It was the War that We avowed from a data shows continued growth, with select North
predominantly snow and ice control focused Company, American pickup truck sales increasing 5% in January
to a truck equipment focused Company with a much 2017 when compared to January 2016. Overall,
broader Offenng' Deéplte the tough Pompansons to our non-snowfall indicators continue to look positive for our
record performance in 2015, we ach1eved strong results commercial products.
in 2016. Our financial accomplishments were thanks in
part to the acquisition of Dejana Truck and Utility
Equipment, which we completed in July, and continued One of the underlying reasons we were able to report
strong performance for our Henderson brand, which excellent results in 2016 is because we implemented our
was partially offset by lower sales in the Work Truck low snowfall playbook. Focusing on the factors within
Attachments segment as we expected. our control and leveraging our ﬂexible business model is
another secret to our success and we will implement the
, , low snowfall playbook in 2017. We are confident we
Fouo‘fvmg FWO Successwe years Of record results’ have the systems in place to thrive during low snowfall
combined With a second year of below average snowfall, environments. We remain focused on making
We dld {lot expeCt to, report record r6391“ for ,Our investments that will directly increase service levels and
Commermal SHOW and Ice pmdflas for a thud year m a quality for our customers, while improving base business
row. The teams at Western, F1sher, and SnowEX have proﬁtability.
done an admirable job working through the unfavorable
weather conditions, and we are pleased with their
performance under the circumstances. We are also While we produced a strong performance in our core
delighted that the Henderson team continued their business, arguably the most exciting change at the
strong track record of growth and produced another Company during 2016 was the acquisition of Dejana
record performance for 2016. We continue to see Truck and Utility equipment. We completed the deal in
reasonable levels of optimism from dealers, despite the mid-July, and in doing so created the Work Truck
low snowfall in parts of the country. Solutions segment. Over the past almost 60 years,
Dejana grew organically to become a premier up fitter
, , , , of primarily Medium Duty Class 4-6 trucks and other
HOWEEVCI’. as I erte thls "1 mld'MarCh’ W? ‘flre commercial work vehicles in the eastern United States.
expenencmg a large? late Season Storm’ ,brmgmg They also manufacture van bodies, storage systems for
SHOWFaH to many Of our core markets’ thh ls a trucks and vans, and cable pulling equipment. Today,
positive way to end the season. Wh11e we are used to the Work Truck Solutions employs approximately 500
realitles of the snow and ice.control industry, this is a people in ﬁve States and has a long track record of
great example of the unpredictable nature of weather. growth and a very Strong reputation Within the truck
Despite this late surge, we are going to see below equipment industry.
average snowfall across North America for the second
year in a row. Chicago was an extreme example this
year, with no measurable snowfall from mid-December This acquisition was a natural extension and expansion
2016 to mid-March 2017 for the first time on record. of the upfit strategy initiated with the Henderson
These factors will undoubtedly have an impact on the acquisition, and provides an important opportunity to
drive growth in new markets outside of snow and ice