We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and trademarks to protect certain of the
proprietary aspects of our business and technology. We hold approximately 46 U.S. registered
trademarks (including the trademarks WESTERN®, FISHER®, DEJANA®, BLIZZARD®, SNOWEX®,
TURFEX®, SWEEPEX®, HENDERSON® and BRINEXTREME®) 13 Canadian registered
trademarks, 5 European trademarks, 74 U.S. issued patents, 11 Canadian patents and 5 Chinese and
2 Mexican trademarks.
We rely upon a combination of patents, trade secrets and trademarks to protect certain of the
proprietary aspects of our business and technology. In the year ended December 31, 2016, we received
a settlement resulting from an ongoing lawsuit with one of our competitors relating to our intellectual
property. Under the settlement agreement we received $10.1 million as part of defending our
intellectual property. Our competitor has exhausted all appeals related to this matter and has paid us
both awarded damages of $10.0 million and accrued interest of $0.1 million.
Raw Materials
During 2016, we experienced slightly less favorable commodity costs compared to the favorable
prices paid for commodities in 2015. Historically, we have mitigated, and we currently expect to
continue to mitigate, commodity cost increases in part by engaging in proactive vendor negotiations,
reviewing alternative sourcing options, substituting materials, engaging in internal cost reduction efforts,
and increasing prices on some of our products, all as appropriate.
Most of the components of our products are also affected by commodity cost pressures and are
commercially available from a number of sources. In 2016, we experienced no significant work
stoppages because of shortages of raw materials or commodities. The highest raw material and
component costs are generally for steel, which we purchase from several suppliers.
Other Information
We were formed as a Delaware corporation in 2004. We maintain a website with the address
www.douglasdynamics.com. We are not including the information contained on our website as part of,
or incorporating it by reference into, this report. We make available free of charge (other than an
investor’s own Internet access charges) through our website our Annual Report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to these reports, as
soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material
to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). For further information regarding our
geographic areas see the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies as discussed in Note 2 to our
audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
The Company operates in an environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and
uncertainties. Our business, prospects, ﬁnancial condition and operating results could be materially adversely
aﬁected by any of these risks, as well as other risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider
immaterial. The risks described below highlight some of the factors that have aﬁected, and in the future could
aﬁect our operations.
Our results of operations for our Work T ruck Attachments segment depend primarily on the level, timing and
location of snowfall. As a result, a decline in snowfall levels in multiple regions for an extended time could
cause our results of operations to decline and adversely aﬁect our ability to pay dividends.
As a manufacturer through our Work Truck Attachments segment of snow and ice control
equipment for both light and heavy duty trucks, and related parts and accessories, our sales depend
primarily on the level, timing and location of snowfall in the regions in which we offer our products. A
11