° Other environmental damages.
Our operations could be significantly delayed or curtailed and our costs of operations could
significantly increase as a result of regulatory requirements, restrictions or claims. We are unable to
predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations.
Financial market conditions have had a negative impact on the return on plan assets for our pension plans,
which may require additional funding and negatively impact our cash ﬂows.
Our pension expense and required contributions to our pension plan are directly affected by the
value of plan assets, the projected rate of return on plan assets, the actual rate of return on plan assets
and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure the defined benefit pension plan obligations. Despite
modest recent market recoveries, the funding status of our pension plans remain impacted by the
financial market downturn over the last several years, which had severely impacted the funded status of
our pension plans. As of December 31, 2016, our pension plans were underfunded by approximately
$10.2 million. In 2016, contributions to our defined benefit pension plans were approximately
$1.7 million. If plan assets perform below expectations, future pension expense and funding obligations
will increase, which would have a negative impact on our cash ﬂows. Moreover, under the Pension
Protection Act of 2006, it is possible that losses of asset values may necessitate accelerated funding of
our pension plans in the future to meet minimum federal government requirements.
The statements regarding our industry, market positions and market share in this ﬁling are based on our
management’s estimates and assumptions. While we believe such statements are reasonable, such statements
have not been independently veriﬁed.
Information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K concerning the snow and ice control
equipment and truck up-fitting industries, our general expectations concerning these industries and our
market positions and other market share data regarding the industries are based on estimates our
management prepared using end-user surveys, anecdotal data from our distributors and distributors that
carry our competitors’ products, our results of operations and management’s past experience, and on
assumptions made, based on our management’s knowledge of this industry, all of which we believe to
be reasonable. These estimates and assumptions are inherently subject to uncertainties, especially given
the year-to-year variability of snowfall and the difficulty of obtaining precise information about our
competitors, and may prove to be inaccurate. In addition, we have not independently verified the
information from any third-party source and thus cannot guarantee its accuracy or completeness,
although management also believes such information to be reasonable. Our actual operating results
may vary significantly if our estimates and outlook concerning the industry, snowfall patterns, our
market positions or our market shares turn out to be incorrect.
We are subject to product liability claims, product quality issues, and other litigation from time to time that
could adversely aﬁect our operating results or ﬁnancial condition.
The manufacture, sale and usage of our products expose us to a risk of product liability claims. If
our products are defective or used incorrectly by our end-users, injury may result, giving rise to product
liability claims against us. If a product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for
uninsured liabilities or in excess of our insurance coverage, and it is ultimately determined that we are
liable, our business and financial condition could suffer. Any losses that we may suffer from any
liability claims, and the effect that any product liability litigation may have upon the reputation and
marketability of our products, may divert management’s attention from other matters and may have a
negative impact on our business and operating results. Additionally, we could experience a material
design or manufacturing failure in our products, a quality system failure or other safety issues, or
heightened regulatory scrutiny that could warrant a recall of some of our products. A recall of some of
17