Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
3. Acquisitions (Continued)
The unaudited pro forma information above includes the historical financial results of the
Company and Henderson, adjusted to record depreciation and intangible asset amortization related to
valuation of the acquired tangible and intangible assets at fair value and the addition of incremental
costs related to debt to finance the acquisition, and the tax benefits related to the increased costs. This
information is presented for information purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of What the
Company’s results of operations would have been had the acquisition been in effect for the periods
presented or future results.
4. Inventories
Inventories consist of the following:
December 31,
2016 2015
Finished goods and work-in-process. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $44,047 $40,984
Rawmaterialandsupplies 26,824 10,600
$70,871 $51,584
The inventories in the table above do not include truck chassis inventory financed through a ﬂoor
plan financing agreement as discussed in Note 7. The Company takes title to truck chassis upon receipt
of the inventory through their ﬂoor plan agreement and performs up-fitting service installations to the
truck chassis inventory during the installation period. The ﬂoor plan obligation is then assumed by the
dealer customer upon delivery. At December 31, 2016, the Company had $3,939 of chassis inventory
and related ﬂoor plan financing obligation. The Company recognizes revenue associated with up-fitting
and service installations net of the truck chassis.
Unlike the ﬂoorplan agreement, the Company does not record inventory related the truck chassis
acquired through the bailment pool agreement as these truck chassis are held on consignment. Like the
revenue recognized on ﬂoorplan arrangement, revenue recognized for up-fitting services on chassis
acquired through the bailment agreement, are also recognized net of the truck chassis.
F-25