We receive on consignment truck chassis on which we perform up-fitting service installations under
“bailment pool” arrangements with major truck manufacturers. We never receive title to the truck
chassis. The aggregate value of all bailment pool chassis on hand as of December 31, 2016 was $22,420.
We are responsible to the manufacturer for interest on chassis held for up-fitting. Interest rates vary
depending on the number of days in the bailment pool. As of December 31, 2016, rates were based on
prime (3.75% at December 31, 2016) plus a margin ranging from 0% to 8%. During 2016, from the
date of the Dejana acquisition of July 15, 2016 through December 31, 2016, we incurred $79 in interest
on the bailment pool arrangement.
We have a ﬂoor plan line of credit for up to $20,000 with a financial institution. The current terms
of the line of credit are contained in a credit agreement dated July 15, 2016 and expires on July 31,
2017. The ﬂoor plan agreement is similar to the bailment pool agreements as we receive truck chassis
on up-fitting service installations. The note bears interest at an adjusted LIBOR rate, plus an
applicable rate of 1.75%. The obligation under the ﬂoor plan agreement as of December 31, 2016 is
$3,939. During the year ended December 31, 2016 from the date of the Dejana acquisition of July 15,
2016 through December 31, 2016, we incurred $92 in interest on the ﬂoor plan arrangements.
Deductibility of Intangible and Goodwill Expense
We possess a favorable tax structure with approximately $19.0 million of annual tax-deductible
intangible and goodwill amortization expense over the next two years which may be utilized in the
event we have sufficient taxable income to utilize such benefit.
Impact of Inﬂation
We do not believe that inﬂation risk is material to our business or our financial condition, results
of operations or cash ﬂows at this time. Historically, we have experienced normal raw material, labor
and fringe benefit inﬂation. To date we have been able to fully offset this inﬂation by providing higher
value products, which command higher prices. In previous years, we have experienced significant
increases in steel costs, but have been able to mitigate the effects of these increases through both
temporary and permanent steel surcharges. See “Risk Factors—T he price of steel, a commodity
necessary to manufacture our products, is highly variable. If the price of steel increases, our gross
margins could decline.”
Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements
We are not party to any off—balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have
a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues,
expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources.
Seasonality and Year-To-Year Variability
Our Work Truck Attachments segment is seasonal and also varies from year-to—year. Consequently,
our Work Truck Attachments segment results of operations and financial condition vary from
quarter-to—quarter and from year-to-year as well. In addition, because of this seasonality and variability,
our Work Truck Attachments segment results of operations for any quarter may not be indicative of
results of operations that may be achieved for a subsequent quarter or the full year, and may not be
similar to results of operations experienced in prior years.
Sales of our Work Truck Attachments segment products are significantly impacted by the level,
timing and location of snowfall, with sales in any given year and region most heavily inﬂuenced by
snowfall levels in the prior snow season (which we consider to begin in October and end in March) in
that region. This is due to the fact that end-user demand for our Work Truck Attachments products is
driven primarily by the condition of their snow and ice control equipment, and in the case of
45