the difference. Annual impairment tests conducted by us on December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
resulted in no adjustment to the carrying value of our indefinite- lived intangibles and goodwill.
Our goodwill and trade name balances could be impaired in future periods. A number of factors,
many of which we have no ability to control, could affect our financial condition, operating results and
business prospects and could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions we
employed. These factors include:
0 a prolonged global economic crisis;
0 a significant decrease in the demand for our products;
° the inability to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely manner;
0 a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;
° an adverse action or assessment by a regulator; and
° successful efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our markets.
Inventory Valuation
Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Market is determined on the basis of
estimated realizable values. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out basis. We periodically review
our inventory for slow-moving, damaged and discontinued items and provide reserves to reduce such
items identified to their recoverable amounts.
Income Taxes
Our estimate of income taxes payable, deferred income taxes and the effective tax rate is based on
an analysis of many factors including interpretations of federal and state income tax laws, the difference
between tax and financial reporting bases and liabilities, estimates of amounts currently due or owed in
various jurisdictions, and current accounting standards. We review and update our estimates on a
quarterly basis as facts and circumstances change and actual results are known.
We have generated significant deferred tax assets as a result of goodwill and intangible asset book
versus tax differences as well as state net operating loss carryforwards. In assessing the ability to realize
these deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent
upon the generation of future taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences
become deductible. We consider the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, excluding those
relating to indefinite lived intangible assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. As a result of this analysis, we have recorded a valuation allowance against
certain of these deferred tax assets.
Accruals for uncertain tax positions, if any, are provided for in accordance with the requirements
of ASC 740—Income Taxes. See Note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding our accounting for
income taxes.
Warranty Cost Recognition
We accrue for estimated warranty costs as sales are recognized and periodically assess the
adequacy of the recorded warranty liability and adjust the amount as necessary. Our warranties
generally provide, with respect to our snow and ice control equipment, that all material and
workmanship will be free from defect for a period of one to two years after the date of purchase by the
end-user, and with respect to our parts and accessories purchased separately, that such parts and
36