accessories will be free from defect for a period of one year after the date of purchase by the end-user.
Certain snowplows only provide for a one year warranty. We determine the amount of the estimated
warranty costs (and our corresponding warranty reserve) based on our prior five years of warranty
history utilizing a formula driven by historical warranty expense and applying management’s judgment.
We adjust our historical warranty costs to take into account unique factors such as the introduction of
new products into the marketplace that do not provide a historical warranty record to assess.
Liquidity and Capital Resources
Our principal sources of cash have been and we expect will continue to be cash from operations
and borrowings under our senior credit facilities.
Our primary uses of cash are to provide working capital, meet debt service requirements, finance
capital expenditures, pay dividends under our dividend policy and support our growth, including
through potential acquisitions, and for other general corporate purposes. For a description of the
seasonality of our working capital rates see “—Seasonality and Year-To-Year Variability.”
Our Board of Directors has adopted a dividend policy that reﬂects an intention to distribute to our
stockholders a regular quarterly cash dividend. The declaration and payment of these dividends to
holders of our common stock is at the discretion of our Board of Directors and depends upon many
factors, including our financial condition and earnings, legal requirements, taxes and other factors our
Board of Directors may deem to be relevant. The terms of our indebtedness may also restrict us from
paying cash dividends on our common stock under certain circumstances. As a result of this dividend
policy, we may not have significant cash available to meet any large unanticipated liquidity
requirements. As a result, we may not retain a sufficient amount of cash to fund our operations or to
finance unanticipated capital expenditures or growth opportunities, including acquisitions. Our Board of
Directors may, however, amend, revoke or suspend our dividend policy at any time and for any reason.
As of December 31, 2016, we had liquidity comprised of approximately $18.6 million in cash and
cash equivalents and borrowing availability of approximately $89.7 million under our revolving credit
facility. Borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility is governed by a borrowing base, the
calculation of which includes cash on hand. Accordingly, use of cash on hand may also result in a
reduction in the amount available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility. Furthermore, our
revolving credit facility requires us to maintain at least $15.0 million of borrowing availability. We
expect that cash on hand, cash generated from operations, as well as available credit under our senior
credit facilities will provide adequate funds for the purposes described above for at least the next
12 months.
Cash Flow Analysis
Set forth below is summary cash ﬂow information for each of the years ended December 31, 2014,
2015 and 2016.
Year ended December 31,
Cash Flows (in thousands) 2014 2015 2016
Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . $ 53,747 $ 56,465 $ 69,920
Net cash used in investing activities. . . . . . . . . . . . (90,929) (21,827) (191,174)
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities . 41,513 (21,989) 103,019
Increase (Decrease) in cash . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4,331 $ 12,649 $ (18,235)
37