Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
During 2016, one of the Company’s non-employee directors, served as the Chief Executive Officer
of Fleetpride, Inc., an independent distributor of parts for heavy duty trucks and trailers. During 2016,
the Company purchased parts from Fleetpride, Inc. for use in Henderson Products, Inc. trucks. The
total amount of these purchases during 2016 was $242.
Warranty cost recognition
The Company accrues for estimated warranty costs as revenue is recognized. See Note 9 for
further details.
Defined benefit plans
The Company has noncontributory, defined benefit retirement plans and postretirement benefit
plans covering certain employees. Management reviews underlying assumptions on an annual basis.
Refer to Note 11.
Advertising expenses
Advertising expenses include costs for the production of marketing media, literature, CD-ROM,
and displays. The Company participates in trade shows and advertises in the yellow pages and
billboards. Advertising expenses amounted to $4,269, $4,511 and $4,393 for the years ended
December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. The Company also provides its distributors with
pre-approved, cooperative advertising programs, which are recorded as advertising expense in selling,
general and administrative expense. All costs associated with the Company’s advertising programs are
expensed as incurred.
Shipping and handling costs
Generally, shipping and handling costs are paid directly by the customer to the shipping agent.
Those shipping and handling costs billed by the Company are recorded as a component of sales with
the corresponding costs included in cost of sales.
Share-based payments
The Company applies the guidance codified in ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation. This
standard requires the measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award
of equity instruments based on the fair value of the award at the grant date and recognition of the
compensation expense over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in
exchange for the award (generally the vesting period).
Comprehensive income (loss)
Comprehensive income (loss) is defined as the change in equity (net assets) of a business
enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner
resources and is comprised of net income or loss and “other comprehensive income (loss)”. The
F-20