Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
1. Description of business and basis of presentation
Douglas Dynamics, Inc. (the “Company,”) is a premier manufacturer and up—fitter of commercial
vehicle attachments and equipment. The Company’s portfolio includes snow and ice management
attachments sold under the BLIZZARD®, FISHER®, HENDERSON®, SNOWEX® and WESTERN®
brands, turf care equipment under the TURFEX® brand, and industrial maintenance equipment under
the SWEEPEX® brand. On July 15, 2016, the Company acquired substantially all of the assets of
Dejana Truck & Utility Equipment Company, Inc. and certain entities directly or indirectly owned by
Peter Paul Dejana Family Trust Dated 12/31/98 (such assets “Dejana”). The Company is headquartered
in Milwaukee, WI and currently owns manufacturing and up-fit facilities in Milwaukee, WI, Manchester
Iowa, Rockland, ME, Madison Heights, MI and Huntley, IL. The Company also leases twelve
manufacturing and up-fit facilities located in Iowa, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, Ohio,
Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island. Additionally, the Company operates a sourcing office in China.
The Company currently conducts business in two segments: Work Truck Attachments and Work
Truck Solutions. The Work Truck Solutions segment was established as a result of the acquisition of
Dejana. The Company’s Work Truck Attachments segment consists of our operations that, prior to the
acquisition of Dejana, were our single operating segment, consisting of the manufacture and sale of
snow and ice control products. Financial information regarding these segments is in Note 15 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.
Certain reclassifications have been made to the prior period financial statements to conform to the
2016 presentation. In April 2015, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued
Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2015-03, Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.
This ASU requires an entity to present such costs on the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the
related debt liability rather than as an asset. The Company adopted ASU No. 2015-03 during the
quarter ended March 31, 2016 and applied it retrospectively. The adoption resulted in the
reclassification of debt issuance costs from Deferred Financing Costs to Long-term Debt on the balance
sheet of $2,337 as of December 31, 2015.
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
Principles of consolidation
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Douglas
Dynamics, Inc. and its direct wholly-owned subsidiary, Douglas Dynamics, L.L.C., and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries, Douglas Dynamics Finance Company (an inactive subsidiary), Fisher, LLC, Henderson
Enterprises Group, Inc., Henderson Products, Inc. and Dejana Truck & Utility Equipment
Company, LLC (hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Company”). All intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
Use of estimates
The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting
principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
F-1O