These non-GAAP disclosures should not be construed as an alternative to the reported results
determined in accordance with GAAP.
Net cash provided by operating activities was $69.9 million in the year ended December 31, 2016
as compared to $56.5 in the year ended December 31, 2015. Free cash ﬂow (as defined below) for the
year ended December 31, 2016 was $60.1 million compared to $46.5 million in 2015, an increase in free
cash ﬂow of $13.6 million, or 29.2%. The increase in free cash ﬂow is primarily a result of an increase
in cash provided by operating activities of $13.4 million and decrease in capital expenditures of
$0.2 million, as discussed below under “Liquidity and Capital Resources.”
Free cash ﬂow is a non-GAAP financial measure, which we define as net cash provided by
operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash ﬂow should be evaluated in addition to, and not
considered a substitute for, other financial measures such as net income and cash ﬂow provided by
operations. We believe that free cash ﬂow provides investors with a useful tool to evaluate our ability
to generate additional cash ﬂow from our business operations.
The following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities, a GAAP measure, to free
cash ﬂow, a non-GAAP measure.
For the year ended December 31,
2014 2015 2016
(in thousands)
Net cash provided by operating activities . . . . . . . . . . $53,747 $ 56,465 $69,920
Acquisition of property and equipment . . . . . . . . . . . (5,254) (10,009) (9,830)
Freecashﬂow............................. $48,493 $46,456 $60,090
Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as
further adjusted for certain charges consisting of unrelated legal and consulting fees, stock based
compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, impairment on assets held for sale, litigation proceeds
and certain purchase accounting expenses. We use, and we believe our investors benefit from the
presentation of Adjusted EBITDA in evaluating our operating performance because it provides us and
our investors with additional tools to compare our operating performance on a consistent basis by
removing the impact of certain items that management believes do not directly reﬂect our core
operations. In addition, we believe that Adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors and other external
users of our consolidated financial statements in evaluating our operating performance as compared to
that of other companies, because it allows them to measure a company’s operating performance
without regard to items such as interest expense, taxes, depreciation and amortization, which can vary
substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets
and liabilities, capital structure and the method by which assets were acquired. Our management also
uses Adjusted EBITDA for planning purposes, including the preparation of our annual operating
budget and financial projections. Management also uses Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate our ability to
make certain payments, including dividends, in compliance with our senior credit facilities, which is
determined based on a calculation of “Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA” that is substantially similar to
Adjusted EBITDA.
Adjusted EBITDA has limitations as an analytical tool. As a result, you should not consider it in
isolation, or as a substitute for net income, operating income, cash ﬂow from operating activities or any
other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with GAAP. Some of these
limitations are:
0 Adjusted EBIT DA does not reﬂect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital
expenditures or contractual commitments;
40