have already increased productivity in two of our contrast, backlog data and ongoing discussions with
assembly cells by up to 20%, error proofed several customers provide us good visibility with our Henderson
opportunities for improved 1st pass yield, and made brand and we expect that 2017 will see continued
countless safety and ergonomic enhancements. growth. In addition, while we generally expect the Work
Truck Solutions segment to grow at a mid to high single-
, , , , digit rate over the long-term, we have seen some
In summary’ we, are contmumg on? DDMS Journey m softness in the first two months of the year related to
our cor? Operatlons and are entenflg a cruelal second sales of Class 4-6 trucks, and have created our outlook
stage With our Henderson brand as mitial success has to with that in mind.
be translated into DDMS becoming ingrained in that
business. The first eight months with Work Truck
Solutions has produced promising results, but there is a Based on our recent results, the overall economic
lot more we can do to address new opportunities in that climate, dealer sentiment, current snowfall data and
segment. industry trends, and manageable dealer inventories, we
expect Net sales for the full year 2017 to come in
, , , between $470 million and $530 million, producing
Of course, 1mplement1ng 1mportant DDMS programs Adjusted EBITDA in the range of $80 million to
would not be possible without the financial strength and $115 million, which would translate into EPS of
discipline that have always been important traits for between one dollar and twenty cents and a dollar and
Douglas Dynamics. Without these strengths, we would eighty cents.
not be able to make the necessary investments to
maintain and expand our market leading positions. On
behalf of the Company, I’d like to personally thank our Undoubtedly, 2017 will be an important year of
finance team for their sound stewardship that execution. The additions that we made last year will
continually ensures our robust financial health. continue to be a key focus as we integrate the Work
Truck Solutions team and address the market
, opportunity. Our Work Truck Attachments business
Another hallmark Of 01,” Company 81,1196 our 1P0 remains well positioned for continued success. We do
3111119“ seven years ago’ ls our mbust dlwdend‘ ,Once not take our market leadership for granted. We will
agam’ the Board and manag§ment ha‘fe agreed It was continue to implement customer focused improvements
appropr1ate to increase the d1v1dend th1s year and have to ensure continued success for years to come.
declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.24 per share for
the first quarter of 2017, which equates to a projected
full year annual increase of two cents per diluted share. With one final look back at 2016, it was pleasing that the
outside world noticed our performance and we received
, , , multiple accolades including being ranked 5th on
Gomg forward’ We rema1n fuuy commuted to our FORTUNE magazine’s list of the 100 Fastest-Growing
Curr?“ capltal allocatlon “2”ng and are Well Public Companies. This is our first year on this
poéltloned to 890.cessﬁluy exeche 1t gomg forward prestigious list that highlights public companies with the
As1de from the d1v1dend, we rema1n commltted to us1ng b est threewear growth rates, revenue, and proﬁt. We
our excess capital to pay down debt and pursue strategic are pleased to be recognized for our Strong financial
écquisitions- W,h,ﬂ,e we have tremendous faith in 011.1” performance that positions us with some of the most
mama} capablhtles’ 90 one? team or Company 18 prominent companies in the world. On behalf of the
omnlscwnt’ and we W111 9°ntmue to explore Ways to Board of Directors, I want to thank everyone at the
supp¥e,n?ent our orgémc gqul Vla Strateglc Company for their ongoing hard work as this really is a
acqu1s1tions. We are contlnually track1ng companies that company_wide achievement.
would be a good strategic fit with our offering and will
pursue logical deals while maintaining our disciplined
approach. Closer to home, we also earned a top—three position for
the third consecutive year as one of the fastest growing
, public companies in Wisconsin by the Milwaukee
Overall, we are pleased With our 2016 results. We are Business Journal based on our performance from
well positioned for continued success in 2017 and stand 20132015. In addition, and just as importantly to us, we
today as a stronger Company with a more diverse set of were awarded a 2016 Top Workplaces honor by The
productsand serv1ces. As we look further Into 2017, we Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. The Top Workplaces lists
feel posmve about our busmess and our long'term are based solely on the results of an employee feedback
prospects for the future. However, the w1nter season survey. We are one of only a handful of organizations to
that is just ending started very late for the second year make the list every year Since it was ﬁrst published in
in a row' When Viewed in aggregate across the past Six 2010. Our Milwaukee operations maintain one of the
months, we do expect the below average snowfall this highest employee retention rates in the industry, an
winter, which will impact our 2017 preseason period. In