PART 111
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information included under the captions “Election of Directors,” “Board of Directors and
Corporate Governance” and “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” in the
Company’s definitive proxy statement, which is expected to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days following the end of the fiscal year covered by this report (the “Proxy Statement”), is hereby
incorporated by reference. The information required by Item 10 with respect to our Executive Officers
is included in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive
officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, as well as all of our employees. We
have posted a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at
www.douglasdynamics.com. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is also available in print to any
stockholder who requests it in writing from the Corporate Secretary at 7777 North 73rd Street,
Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53223. We intend to post on our website any amendments to, or waivers (with
respect to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and controller) from, the Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics within four business days of any such amendment or waiver. We are not
including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this
report.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required in Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy
Statement under the captions “Corporate Governance—Compensation Committee Interlocks and
Insider Participation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis”, “Executive Compensation,” “Director
Compensation” and “Compensation Committee Report.”
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder
Matters
The information required in Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy
Statement under the captions “Corporate Governance—Significant Stockholders” and “—Executive
Officers and Directors.”
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required in Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy
Statement under the caption “Corporate Governance.”
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required in Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the information in the Proxy
Statement under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm.”
50