competition, labor costs, freight and transportation costs, production costs, import duties and other
trade restrictions. Steel prices are volatile and may increase as a result of increased demand from the
automobile and consumer durable sectors. If the price of steel increases, our variable costs may
increase. We may not be able to mitigate these increased costs through the implementation of
permanent price increases or temporary invoice surcharges, especially if economic conditions remain
weak and our distributors and end-users become more price sensitive. If we are unable to successfully
mitigate such cost increases in the future, our gross margins could decline.
If petroleum prices increase, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
Petroleum prices have ﬂuctuated significantly in recent years. Prices and availability of petroleum
products are subject to political, economic and market factors that are outside of our control. Political
events in petroleum-producing regions as well as hurricanes and other weather-related events may
cause the price of fuel to increase. If the price of fuel increases, the demand for our products may
decline, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
We depend on outside suppliers who may be unable to meet our volume and quality requirements, and we may
be unable to obtain alternative sources.
We purchase certain components essential to our snowplows and sand and salt spreaders from
outside suppliers, including off-shore sources. Most of our key supply arrangements can be discontinued
at any time. A supplier may encounter delays in the production and delivery of such products and
components or may supply us with products and components that do not meet our quality, quantity or
cost requirements. Additionally, a supplier may be forced to discontinue operations. Any
discontinuation or interruption in the availability of quality products and components from one or more
of our suppliers may result in increased production costs, delays in the delivery of our products and lost
end-user sales, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
We have continued to increase the number of our off-shore suppliers. Our increased reliance on
off-shore sourcing may cause our business to be more susceptible to the impact of natural disasters, war
and other factors that may disrupt the transportation systems or shipping lines used by our suppliers, a
weakening of the dollar over an extended period of time and other uncontrollable factors such as
changes in foreign regulation or economic conditions. In addition, reliance on off—shore suppliers may
make it more difficult for us to respond to sudden changes in demand because of the longer lead time
to obtain components from off-shore sources. We may be unable to mitigate this risk by stocking
sufficient materials to satisfy any sudden or prolonged surges in demand for our products. If we cannot
satisfy demand for our products in a timely manner, our sales could suffer as distributors can cancel
purchase orders without penalty until shipment.
We do not sell our products under long-term purchase contracts, and sales of our products are significantly
impacted by factors outside of our control; therefore, our ability to estimate demand is limited.
We do not enter into long-term purchase contracts with our distributors and the purchase orders
we receive may be cancelled without penalty until shipment. Therefore, our ability to accurately predict
future demand for our products is limited. Nonetheless, we attempt to estimate demand for our
products for purposes of planning our annual production levels and our long-term product development
and new product introductions. We base our estimates of demand on our own market assessment,
snowfall figures, quarterly field inventory surveys and regular communications with our distributors.
Because wide ﬂuctuations in the level, timing and location of snowfall, economic conditions and other
factors may occur, each of which is out of our control, our estimates of demand may not be accurate.
Underestimating demand could result in procuring an insufficient amount of materials necessary for the
production of our products, which may result in increased production costs, delays in product delivery,
missed sale opportunities and a decrease in customer satisfaction. Overestimating demand could result
14