Revenues from the sales of the Work Truck Solutions products are generally recognized net of the
truck chassis with the selling price to the customer recorded as sales and the manufacturing and up-fit
cost of the product recorded as cost of sales. Meanwhile within the Work Truck Solutions segment, we
also sells certain products for which it acts as an agent. Products in this category include the sale of
third-party products. These sales do not meet the criteria for gross sales recognition, and thus are
recognized on a net basis at the time of sale. Under net sales recognition, the cost paid to the third-
party service provider is recorded as a reduction to sales, resulting in net sales being equal to the gross
profit on the transaction.
We carry our accounts receivable at their face amount less an allowance for doubtful accounts. On
a periodic basis, we evaluate our accounts receivable and establish an allowance for doubtful accounts
based on a combination of specific distributor circumstances and credit conditions taking into account
the history of write-offs and collections. A receivable is considered past due if payment has not been
received within the period agreed upon in the invoice. Accounts receivable are written off after all
collection efforts have been exhausted. We take a security interest in the inventory as collateral for the
receivable but often do not have a priority security interest. See Note 2 to our audited consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information
regarding our allowance for doubtful accounts.
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for potential impairment when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by comparison of the carrying value of such assets to the undiscounted
future cash ﬂows expected to be generated by the assets. If the carrying value of an asset exceeds its
estimated undiscounted future cash ﬂows, an impairment provision is recognized to the extent that the
carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or the fair value of the asset, less costs of disposition. Our management
considers such factors as current results, trends and future prospects, current market value, and other
economic and regulatory factors in performing these analyses. We determined that no long-lived assets
were impaired as of December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
We perform an annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite lived trade names and more
frequently if an event or circumstances indicate that an impairment loss has been incurred. Conditions
that would trigger an impairment assessment include, but are not limited to, a significant adverse
change in legal factors or business climate that could affect the value of an asset. The analysis of
potential impairment of goodwill requires a two—step process. The first step is the estimation of fair
value of the applicable reporting unit. We have determined we have three reporting units, and all
significant decisions are made on a companywide basis by our chief operating decision maker. The fair
value of the reporting unit is estimated by using an income and market approach. The estimated fair
value is compared with our aggregate carrying value. If our fair value is greater than the carrying
amount, there is no impairment. If our carrying amount is greater than the fair value, then the second
step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment, if any.
The second step calculates the implied fair value of the goodwill, which is compared to its carrying
value. The implied fair value of goodwill is calculated by valuing all of the tangible and intangible
assets of the reporting unit at the hypothetical fair value, assuming the reporting unit had been
acquired in a business combination. The excess of the fair value of the entire reporting unit over the
fair value of its identifiable assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. If the implied fair
value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, an impairment loss is recognized equal to
35