Our senior credit facilities include certain negative and operating covenants, including restrictions
on our ability to pay dividends, and other customary covenants, representations and warranties and
events of default. The senior credit facilities entered into and recorded by our subsidiaries significantly
restrict our subsidiaries from paying dividends and otherwise transferring assets to the Company. The
terms of our revolving credit facility specifically restrict subsidiaries from paying dividends if a
minimum availability under the revolving credit facility is not maintained, and both senior credit
facilities restrict subsidiaries from paying dividends above certain levels or at all if an event of default
has occurred. These restrictions would affect us indirectly since we rely principally on distributions from
its subsidiaries to have funds available for the payment of dividends. In addition, our revolving credit
facility includes a requirement that, subject to certain exceptions, capital expenditures may not exceed
$12.5 million in any calendar year (plus the unused portion of permitted capital expenditures from the
preceding year subject to a $12.5 million cap and a separate one-time $15.0 million capital expenditures
to be used for the consolidation of facilities and costs associated with the acquiring and/or development
and construction of one new manufacturing facility) and, if certain minimum availability under the
revolving credit facility is not maintained, that we comply with a monthly minimum fixed charge
coverage ratio test of 10:10. Compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio test is subject to certain
cure rights under our revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2016, we were in compliance with the
respective covenants. The credit facilities are collateralized by substantially all assets of the Company.
In accordance with the senior credit facilities, we are required to make additional principal
prepayments over the above scheduled payments under certain conditions. This includes, in the case of
the term loan facility, 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales, certain insurance or
condemnation events, certain debt issuances, and, within 150 days of the end of the fiscal year, 50% of
excess cash ﬂow, as defined, including a deduction for certain distributions (which percentage is
reduced to 0% upon the achievement of certain leverage ratio thresholds), for any fiscal year. Excess
cash ﬂow is defined in the senior credit facilities as consolidated adjusted EBITDA (earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) plus a working capital adjustment less the sum of
repayments of debt and capital expenditures subject to certain adjustments, interest and taxes paid in
cash, management fees and certain restricted payments (including dividends or distributions). Working
capital adjustment is defined in the senior credit facilities as the change in working capital, defined as
current assets excluding cash and cash equivalents less current liabilities excluding current portion of
long term debt. As of December 31, 2016, we were not required to make an excess cash ﬂow payment.
We entered into interest rate swap agreements on February 20, 2015 to reduce our exposure to
interest rate volatility. The three interest rate swap agreements have notional amounts of $45.0 million,
$90.0 million and $135.0 million effective for the periods December 31, 2015 through March 29, 2018,
March 29, 2018 through March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020 through June 30, 2021, respectively. The
interest rate swaps’ negative fair value at December 31, 2016 was $2.0 million, of which $0.3 million
and $1.7 million are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively. The interest rate swaps’ negative fair value
at December 31, 2015 was $1.5 million, of which $0.3 million and $1.2 million are included in accrued
expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet,
respectively. We have counterparty credit risk resulting from the interest rate swap, which it monitors
on an on—going basis. This risk lies with one global financial institution. Under the interest rate swap
agreement, effective as of December 31, 2015, we will either receive or make payments on a monthly
basis based on the differential between 6.105% and LIBOR plus 4.25% (with a LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%).
Under the interest rate swap agreement, effective as of March 29, 2018, we will either receive or make
payments on a monthly basis based on the differential between 6.916% and LIBOR plus 4.25 % (with a
LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%). Under the interest rate swap agreement, effective as of March 31, 2020, we will
either receive or make payments on a monthly basis based on the differential between 7.168% and
LIBOR plus 4.25% (with a LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%).
44