Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair
value.
Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful accounts
The Company carries its accounts receivable at their face amount less an allowance for doubtful
accounts. The majority of the Company’s accounts receivable are due from distributors of truck
equipment and dealers of completed up-fit trucks. Credit is extended based on an evaluation of a
customer’s financial condition. On a periodic basis, the Company evaluates its accounts receivable and
establishes the allowance for doubtful accounts based on a combination of specific customer
circumstances and credit conditions based on a history of write-offs and collections. A receivable is
considered past due if payments have not been received within agreed upon invoice terms. Accounts
receivable are written off after all collection efforts have been exhausted. The Company takes a security
interest in the inventory as collateral for the receivable but often does not have a priority security
interest.
Financing program
The Company is party to a financing program in which certain distributors may elect to finance
their purchases from the Company through a third party financing company. The Company provides
the third party financing company recourse against the Company regarding the collectability of the
receivable under the program due to the fact that if the third party financing company is unable to
collect from the distributor the amounts due in respect of the product financed, the Company would be
obligated to repurchase any remaining inventory related to the product financed and reimburse any
legal fees incurred by the financing company. During the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and
2014, distributors financed purchases of $7,578, $7,584 and $5,646 through this financing program,
respectively. At both December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015, there were no uncollectible
outstanding receivables related to sales financed under the financing program. The amount owed by
distributors to the third party financing company under this program at December 31, 2016 and 2015
was $6,767 and $2,788, respectively. The Company was required to repurchase repossessed inventory of
$0, $13, and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
In the past, minimal losses have been incurred under this agreement. However, an adverse change
in distributor retail sales could cause this situation to change and thereby require the Company to
repurchase repossessed units. Any repossessed units are inspected to ensure they are current, unused
product and are restocked and resold.
F-11