Created as a result of our acquisition of Dejana, our Work Truck Solutions segment offers a
complementary line of up-fitting services and products. Our Work Truck Solutions products consist of
truck and vehicle up-fits where we attach component pieces of equipment, truck bodies, racking, and
storage solutions with varying levels of complexity to a vehicle chassis and are typically used by end
users for work related purposes. Our Work Truck Solutions segment is a premier up-fitter of Class 4 - 6
trucks and other commercial work vehicles in the eastern United States. Additionally, we believe that
our Work Truck Solutions segment is a leading specialized manufacturer of storage solutions for trucks
and vans and cable pulling equipment for trucks. We believe we are a regional market leader in the
truck and vehicle up-fitting market. We believe that our Work Truck Solutions business possesses
significant customer relationships comprised of over 1,500 customers across the truck equipment
industry. We have longstanding relationships with many of our Work Truck Solutions customers. We
continually seek to grow and strengthen our customer relationships by providing custom solutions to
our customers’ evolving specialty up-fit needs. We are able to serve our Work Truck Solutions
customers’ needs through our bailment and ﬂoor plan agreements with original equipment vehicle
manufacturers who supply truck chassis, on which we perform custom up-fits for our customers.
We believe we are the industry’s most operationally efficient manufacturer due to our vertical
integration, highly variable cost structure and intense focus on lean manufacturing. We continually seek
to use lean principles to reduce costs and increase the efficiency of our manufacturing operations.
During the year ended December 31, 2016 we manufactured our products and up-fitted vehicles in five
facilities that we own in Milwaukee, Wisconsin; Rockland, Maine; Madison Heights, Michigan,
Manchester, Iowa; and Huntley, Illinois. We also lease twelve manufacturing and up-fit facilities,
located in Iowa, Maryland, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island.
Furthermore, our manufacturing efficiency allows us to deliver desired products quickly to our
customers, especially during times of sudden and unpredictable snowfall events when our customers
need our products immediately.
Our Industry
Work Truck Attachments Segment.
Our Work Truck Attachments Segment participates primarily in the snow and ice control
equipment industries in North America. These industries consist predominantly of domestic participants
that manufacture their products in North America. The annual demand for snow and ice control
equipment is driven primarily by the replacement cycle of the existing installed base, which is
predominantly a function of the average life of a snowplow or spreader and is driven by usage and
maintenance practices of the end-user. We believe actively-used snowplows are typically replaced, on
average, every 9 to 12 years.
We believe that both light and heavy duty snow and ice control equipment are driven primarily by
the replacement cycle of the existing installed base, which is predominantly a function of the average
life of a snowplow or spreader and is driven by usage and maintenance practices of the end-user.
However, we believe that demand for heavy duty trucks is less elastic than light trucks. Heavy duty
truck end users typically are comprised of local governments and municipalities which plan for and
execute planned replacement of equipment over time.
The primary factor inﬂuencing the replacement cycle for snow and ice control equipment for light
trucks is the level, timing and location of snowfall. Sales of snow and ice control equipment in any
given year and region are most heavily inﬂuenced by local snowfall levels in the prior snow season.
Heavy snowfall during a given winter causes equipment usage to increase, resulting in greater wear and
tear and shortened life cycles, thereby creating a need for replacement equipment and additional parts
and accessories.
5