ﬂows associated with our variable-term loans. We have counterparty credit risk resulting from the
interest rate swaps, which we monitor on an on—going basis. This risk lies with one global financial
institution. Under the interest rate swap agreement, effective as of December 31, 2015, we will either
receive or make payments on a monthly basis based on the differential between 6.105% and LIBOR
plus 4.25% (with a LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%). Under the interest rate swap agreement, effective as of
March 29, 2018, we will either receive or make payments on a monthly basis based on the differential
between 6.916% and LIBOR plus 4.25% (with a LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%). Under the interest rate swap
agreement, effective as of March 31, 2020, we will either receive or make payments on a monthly basis
based on the differential between 7.168% and LIBOR plus 4.25% (with a LIBOR ﬂoor of 1.0%). The
interest rate swaps’ negative fair value at December 31, 2016 was $2.0 million, of which $0.3 million
and $1.7 million are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term
liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, respectively.
As of December 31, 2016, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. A
hypothetical interest rate change of 1%, 1.5% and 2% on our revolving credit facility would have
changed interest incurred for the year ended December 31, 2016 by $0.1 million, $0.1 million and
$0.2 million, respectively.
Commodity Price Risk
In the normal course of business, we are exposed to market risk related to our purchase of steel,
the primary commodity upon which our manufacturing depends. While steel is typically available from
numerous suppliers, the price of steel is a commodity subject to ﬂuctuations that apply across broad
spectrums of the steel market. We do not use any derivative or hedging instruments to manage the
price risk. If the price of steel increases, our variable costs could also increase. While historically we
have successfully mitigated these increased costs through the implementation of either permanent price
increases and/or temporary invoice surcharges, in the future we may not be able to successfully mitigate
these costs, which could cause our gross margins to decline. If our costs for steel were to increase by
$1.00 in a period in which we were not able to pass any of this increase onto our distributors, our gross
margins would decline by $1.00 in that period.
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data
The financial statements are included in this report beginning on page F-2.
Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures
As disclosed in our current report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2016, we changed our
independent registered public accounting firm effective for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017.
There were no disagreements or reportable events related to the change in accountants.
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (the “Evaluation”) as of the last day of the period covered by this report.
Based upon the Evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2016. Disclosure controls
and procedures are defined by Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (the “Exchange Act”) as controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act
48