control. Work Truck Solutions provides us with a new The second part of the answer is the Douglas Dynamics
complimentary portfolio of services and products to Management System (DDMS). As we have stated
drive deeper customer relationships, and strengthens consistently, DDMS is a vital component of our
the Company’s geographic footprint. By adding Work corporate strategy that differentiates us from other
Truck Solutions, we are rounding out our coverage of similar sized industrial companies. Therefore, I think it
trucks and expanding our capabilities into other is fitting to highlight several of the DDMS projects we
commercial work vehicles. began in 2016:
Another area of the market Dejana focuses on is the First, we completed a week-long kaizen event at our
work van market, which is a segment of the market Henderson Products Installation and Distribution
growing at double digit rates. In 2015, the total number Center (IDC), in New York. Over the course of five
of vans in the US. grew to 400,000 providing significant days, 22 employees from across the company
opportunities. Work Truck Solutions has positioned participated in training and application of DDMS tools.
itself as an upfit leader in this growing market. By Emphasizing the DDMS cornerstone, “creativity before
expanding into these adjacent market segments we will capital”, the team constructed a custom parts delivery
diversify our revenue streams and continue to mitigate and scheduling system using simple, inexpensive items
the seasonality in our traditional snow and ice control that were readily available. The team delivered an
equipment business. With all of these factors, it is clear impressive 75% improvement in the time spent moving
to see how Dejana has been able to produce strong trucks around the facility per year. Work in process was
growth over the past five years and we see ample reduced over 20% while lead time improved an
opportunities to continue to expand the business in the outstanding 25%. These improvements deliver on our
future. commitment to service and quality and directly
positively impact our customers.
Ultimately, the acquisition of Dejana will advance our
growth strategy, while adding another layer of stability Second, immediately following the completion of the
to our business model because more than 90% of its Dejana deal in mid-July we began implementing DDMS
revenue is not inﬂuenced by weather and is fairly evenly and achieved positive initial results. We completed
split across all four quarters. The deal is the logical next multiple planned kaizen events at our facility in
step in our M&A strategy to establish a market Baltimore, Maryland with a broad team of employees
leadership position in all truck segments, with a focus across multiple disciplines. The objective was to
on truck equipment and attachments for work increase throughput and velocity to improve customer
applications. It also advances our stated aspiration to lead times at upfitting operations for certain truck types.
reduce the inﬂuence of weather on the overall business. During the week-long events, the team uncovered
opportunities to improve safety, reduce waste, improve
, , , , , workflow and utilize cross training techniques. The
Fouowmgfhe achISItlon’ We created FWO reportmg initial changes included adding more usable ﬂoor space
segments 1n the th1rd quarter of 2016. Frrst, the Work by removing excess materials, and creating Storage
Truck Attachments segment, Wthh 1ncludes our or1g1nal solutions, improving work processes and safety
bus1ness focused on manufactured snow and we control precautions, and, using kitted ﬂow methods to ensure
attaChments for both the commemlal and “1111119113311 the first parts were available when needed. The team
markets‘ Alld second’ the Work 80111190118 achieved significant safety improvements as well as
Segmént’ Wthh result?d from the acqulsfltlon Of Dejana’ efficiency gains and this really was the tip of the iceberg.
and 1ncludes the upf1t of market leadlng attachments
and storage solutions for commercial work vehicles.
Finally, an important component of DDMS is
, education. As we look to the future, our commercial
AS we? 1119‘]? mto the next Siege Of our corporate snow and ice control teams are implementing what we
evolutlon, 1t 1s also an opportumty to take stock of the are calling a Change Agent Development Program in
past‘ of“ the Course Of my Zs'year Career at D9uglas 2017. Through training and education, we will enhance
Dynamlcs’ people have Often aSked me What ls the the ability of another 125 associates to drive
Secret to. our Success‘ I thmok the answer has two .malfl performance improvements in critical areas including
parts: First and foremost 1t 1s our people. Wh1le 1t quality, safety and margin improvement. The program
sound? Slmple’ ,bulldlng and nurturmg an engaged and allows us to multiply the number of improvement
COheswe team? 18 eager Sald than (lone‘ We h‘fwe been activities we can undertake, but in a very controlled and
able to recruit, challenge andretaln an amazmg team Systematic manner. Essentially, we will be empowering
that ls second to none In any Industry! many more people, at all levels of the Company, with
the knowledge to improve customer experiences. In the
early stages of this program our newest Change Agents