Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
Within the Work Truck Attachments segment, the Company offers a variety of discounts and sales
incentives to its distributors. The estimated liability for sales discounts and allowances is recorded at
the time of sale as a reduction of net sales. The liability is estimated based on the costs of the program,
the planned duration of the program and historical experience.
Work Truck Solutions Segment Revenue Recognition
Within the Work Truck Solutions segment, the Company performs up-fitting services. Up-fitting
services are recognized as revenue when risk of loss passes and all of the following conditions are
satisfied: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the price is fixed or determinable;
(iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) the product has been either delivered or picked up by
the customer and the Company has no further obligations. Customers have no right of return
privileges. Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an exception basis
only. Additionally, customers are billed separately for the truck chassis by the chassis manufacturer.
The Company only records sales for the net amount of the up-fit, excluding the truck chassis. The
Company obtains the truck chassis from the truck chassis manufacturer through either its ﬂoor plan
agreement with a financial institution or bailment pool agreement with the truck chassis manufacturer.
For truck chassis acquired through the ﬂoor plan agreement, the Company holds title to the vehicle
from the time the chassis is received by the Company until the completion of the up-fit. Meanwhile,
under the bailment pool agreement, the Company does not take title to the truck chassis, but rather
only holds the truck chassis on consignment. The Company pays interest on both of these arrangements
as discussed below in Note 7. The Company records revenue in the same manner net of the value of
the truck chassis in both the Company’s ﬂoor plan and bailment pool agreements.
Revenues from the sales of the Work Truck Solutions products are generally recognized net of the
truck chassis with the selling price to the customer recorded as sales and the manufacturing and up-fit
cost of the product recorded as cost of sales. Meanwhile within the Work Truck Solutions segment, the
Company also sells certain products for which it acts as an agent. Products in this category include the
sale of third-party products. These sales do not meet the criteria for gross sales recognition, and thus
are recognized on a net basis at the time of sale. Under net sales recognition, the cost paid to the
third-party service provider is recorded as a reduction to sales, resulting in net sales being equal to the
gross profit on the transaction.
Cost of sales
Cost of sales includes all costs associated with the manufacture of the Company’s products,
including raw materials, purchased parts, freight, plant operating expenses, property insurance and
taxes, and plant depreciation. All payroll costs and employee benefits for the hourly workforce,
manufacturing management, and engineering costs are included in cost of sales.
Related Party Transactions
As a result of the Dejana acquisition, the Company entered into related party leases. See Note 14
for further details.
F-19