Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
adjusted appropriately based on its correlation with the market. See reconciliation of liability
included below:
December 31,
2016
BeginningBalance....................................... $ —
10,200
Adjustmentstofairvalue 173
Paymenttoformerowners —
Endingbalance $10,373
Concentration of credit risk
The Company’s cash is deposited with multiple financial institutions. At times, deposits in these
institutions exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. The Company has not
experienced any losses in such accounts and believes that it is not exposed to any significant risk on
these balances.
No distributor represented more than 10% of the Company’s net sales or accounts receivable
during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014.
Revenue recognition
Work Truck Attachments Segment Revenue Recognition
The Company recognizes revenues upon shipment of equipment to the customer, which is when
risk of loss passes and all of the following conditions are satisfied: persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists; (ii) the price is fixed or determinable; (iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and
(iv) the product has been shipped and the Company has no further obligations. Customers have no
right of return privileges. Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an
exception basis only. Revenues from the sales of the Work Truck Attachments segment equipment are
generally recognized on a gross basis.
Additionally, within the Work Truck Attachments segment, the Company performs up-fitting
services. Up—fitting services are recognized as revenue when risk of loss passes and all of the following
conditions are satisfied: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the price is fixed or
determinable; (iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) the product has been either delivered or
picked up by the customer and the Company has no further obligations. Customers have no right of
return privileges. Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an
exception basis only. Additionally, customers are billed separately for the truck chassis by the chassis
manufacturer. The Company only records sales for the net amount of the up-fit, excluding the truck
chassis. The company acts as a garage keeper and never takes ownership or title to the truck chassis
and does not pay interest associated with the truck chassis on its premises within the Work Truck
Attachments segment.
F-18