December 31, 2015 is lower than 2014 due to the relief of valuation allowances in several states
resulting from consecutive years of taxable income in those states.
Net Income. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2015 was $44.2 million compared to
net income of $40.0 million for the corresponding period in 2014, an increase of $4.2 million. This
increase was driven by the factors described above.
Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of
these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. These
estimates and assumptions are often based on judgments that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances at the time made, but all such estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and
unpredictable. Actual results may differ from those estimates and assumptions, and it is possible that
other professionals, applying their own judgment to the same facts and circumstances, could develop
and support alternative estimates and assumptions that would result in material changes to our
operating results and financial condition. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis. Our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances.
The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements
include estimates used in the determination of liabilities related to pension obligations, recovery of
accounts receivable, impairment assessment of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets, as
well as estimates used in the determination of the lower of cost or market value of inventory and
liabilities related to taxation and product warranty.
We believe the following are the critical accounting policies that affect our financial condition and
results of operations.
Deﬁned Beneﬁt Pension Obligation
As discussed in Note 11 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K, the pension benefit obligation and related pension expense or income of
our pension plans are calculated in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”)
715-30, Defined Benefit Plans-Pension, and are impacted by certain actuarial assumptions, including the
discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. Rates are evaluated on an annual basis
considering such factors as market interest rates and historical asset performance. Actuarial valuations
for 2016 used a discount rate of 4.5% for both our hourly and salary pension plans and an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.25%. Meanwhile, actuarial valuations for 2015 used a
discount rate of 4.0% and 3.9% for our hourly and salary pension plans, respectively, and an expected
long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.25%. Our discount rate reﬂects the expected future cash
ﬂow based upon our funding valuation assumptions and participant data at the beginning of the plan
year. The expected future cash ﬂow was discounted by the Principal Financial Group’s yield curve for
the month preceding the 2016 year end.
In estimating the expected return on plan assets, we analyze historical and expected returns for
multiple asset classes. The overall rate for each asset class was developed by combining a long-term
inﬂation component, the risk-free real rate of return, and the associated risk premium. A weighted
average rate was then developed based upon those overall rates and the target asset allocation of the
plan. Changes in the discount rate and return on assets can have a significant effect on the funded
status of our pension plans, shareholders’ equity and related expense. We cannot predict these changes
in discount rates or investment returns and, therefore, cannot reasonably estimate whether the impact
in subsequent years will be significant. The funded status of our pension plans is the difference between
33