is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC’s rules
and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures.
It should be noted that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our
management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of our published
financial statements.
All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to
financial statement preparation and presentation.
Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2016. As allowed by SEC guidance, management excluded from its assessment Dejana Truck & Utility
Equipment Company LLC, which was acquired in 2016 and constituted 7.8% and 13.4% of total and
net assets, respectively, as of December 31, 2016 and 15.6% and (2.2%) of revenues and net income,
respectively, for the year then ended.. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in
Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on its assessment, management
believes that, as of December 31, 2016, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based
on those criteria.
Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of its
audit, has issued an attestation report, included herein, on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting at December 31, 2016.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
During the last fiscal quarter of the period covered by this report, there were no changes in our
internal controls over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect such controls.
Item 9B. Other Information
None
49