Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued)
Company’s other comprehensive income (loss) is comprised of the adjustments for pension and
postretirement benefit liabilities as well as the impact of its interest rate swaps. See Note 18 for the
components of accumulated other comprehensive loss.
Segment Reporting
As a result of the Dejana acquisition which closed on July 15, 2016, the Company operates
through two operating segments for which separate financial information is available, and for which
operating results are evaluated regularly by the Company’s chief operating decision maker in
determining resource allocation and assessing performance. Prior to the acquisition of Dejana, the
Company operated one operating segment and one reportable business segment which consisted of the
manufacture and sale of snow and ice control products. The Company’s two current reportable business
segments are described below.
Work Truck Attachments. The Work Truck Attachments segment includes snow and ice
management attachments sold under the FISHER®, WESTERN®, HENDERSON® and SNOWEX®
brands. This segment consists of the Company’s operations that, prior to the Company’s acquisition of
Dejana, were a single operating segment, consisting of the manufacture and sale of snow and ice
control products.
Work Truck Solutions. The Work Truck Solutions segment, which was created as a result of the
Dejana acquisition, includes the up-fit of market leading attachments and storage solutions for
commercial work vehicles under the DEJANA® brand and its related sub-brands.
Segment performance is evaluated based on segment net sales, gross margin and operating income.
Items not allocated to segment operating income include corporate administrative expenses and certain
other amounts that include various support functions, such as information technology, corporate
finance, legal, executive administration and human resources. No single customer’s revenues amounted
to 10% or more of the Company’s total revenue. Sales are primarily within the United States and
substantially all assets are located within the United States.
3. Acquisitions
On July 15, 2016, the Company acquired Dejana. Total consideration was $191,544 including a
preliminary working capital adjustment of $3,989 that reduced the purchase price at the close of the
transaction on July 15, 2016 that was subsequently adjusted by $5,417 paid by the Company to the
seller. Thus, the net working capital adjustment paid to the former owners of Dejana was $1,428 in
addition to contingent consideration with an estimated fair value of $10,200. The acquisition was
financed through exercising the accordion feature on the Company’s term loan for $130,000 less an
original issue discount of $650 and $20,000 of short term revolver borrowings and through the use of
$31,994 of on hand cash. The Company incurred $3,422 of transaction expenses related to the Dejana
acquisition that are included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Consolidated
Statements of Income in the year ended December 31, 2016.
F-21