We also attempt to manage the impact of seasonality and year-to-year variability on our business
costs through the effective management of our assets. See “Business—Our Business Strategy—
Aggressive Asset Management and Profit Focus.” Our asset management and profit focus strategies
include:
0 the employment of a highly variable cost structure facilitated by a core group of workers that we
supplement with a temporary workforce as sales volumes dictate, which allows us to adjust costs
on an as-needed basis in response to changing demand;
° our enterprise-wide lean concept, which allows us to adjust production levels up or down to
meet demand;
° the pre—season order program described above, which incentivizes distributors to place orders
prior to the retail selling season; and
0 a vertically integrated business model.
These asset management and profit focus strategies, among other management tools, allow us to
adjust fixed overhead and sales, general and administrative expenditures to account for the year-to-year
variability of our sales volumes. Management currently estimates that consolidated annual fixed
overhead expenses generally range from approximately $50.0 million in low sales volume years to
approximately $55.0 million in high sales volume years. Further, management currently estimates that
consolidated annual sales, general and administrative expenses other than amortization generally
approximate $65.0 million, but can be reduced to approximately $60.0 million to maximize cash ﬂow in
low sales volume years, and can increase to approximately $70.0 million to maintain customer service
and responsiveness in high sales volume years.
Additionally, although modest, our annual capital expenditure requirements, which are normally
budgeted at $12.0 million, can be temporarily reduced by up to approximately 40% in response to
actual or anticipated decreases in sales volumes. If we are unsuccessful in our asset management
initiatives, the seasonality and year-to—year variability effects on our business may be compounded and
in turn our results of operations and financial condition may suffer.
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
We do not use financial instruments for speculative trading purposes, and do not hold any
derivative financial instruments that could expose us to significant market risk. Our primary market risk
exposures are changes in interest rates and steel price ﬂuctuations.
Interest Rate Risk
We are exposed to market risk primarily from changes in interest rates. Our borrowings, including
our term loan and any revolving borrowings under our senior credit facilities, are at variable rates of
interest and expose us to interest rate risk. In addition, the interest rate on any revolving borrowings is
subject to an increase in the interest rate based on our average daily availability under our revolving
credit facility.
As of December 31, 2016, we had outstanding borrowings under our term loan of $313.6 million.
A hypothetical interest rate change of 1%, 1.5% and 2% on our term loan would have changed interest
incurred for the year ended December 31, 2016 by $0.7 million, $1.7 million and $2.7 million,
respectively. We entered into three interest rate swap agreements in 2015 with notional amounts of
$45.0 million, $90.0 million and $135.0 million effective for the periods December 31, 2015 through
March 29, 2018; March 29, 2018 through March 31, 2020; and March 31, 2020 through June 30, 2021,
respectively. We entered into these interest rate swap agreements to hedge the variability in future cash
47