the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of its plan assets. The projected benefit obligation is
the actuarial present value of all benefits expected to be earned by our employees’ service adjusted for
future wage increases. At December 31, 2016, our pension obligation funded status was $10.2 million
underfunded.
Our funding policy for our pension plans is to contribute amounts at least equal to the minimum
annual amount required by applicable regulations. We contributed approximately $1.7 million to our
pension plans in 2016 and expect to make at a minimum the required minimum funding required of
approximately $0.2 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2017. See Note 11 to our audited
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more
detailed description of our pension plans.
Revenue Recognition and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
Work Truck Attachments Segment Revenue Recognition
We recognize revenues upon shipment of equipment to the customer, which is when risk of loss
passes and all of the following conditions are satisfied: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists;
(ii) the price is fixed or determinable; (iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) the product has
been shipped and we have no further obligations. Customers have no right of return privileges.
Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an exception basis only.
Revenues from the sales of our Work Truck Attachments segment equipment are generally recognized
on a gross basis.
Additionally, within the Work Truck Attachments segment, we perform up-fitting services.
Up-fitting services are recognized as revenue when risk of loss passes and all of the following
conditions are satisfied: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the price is fixed or
determinable; (iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) the product has been either delivered or
picked up by the customer and we have no further obligations. Customers have no right of return
privileges. Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an exception basis
only. Additionally, customers are billed separately for the truck chassis by the chassis manufacturer. We
only record sales for the net amount of the up-fit, excluding the truck chassis. The company acts as a
garage keeper and never takes ownership or title to the truck chassis and does not pay interest
associated with the truck chassis on its premises.
Within the Work Truck Attachments segment, we offer a variety of discounts and sales incentives
to our distributors. The estimated liability for sales discounts and allowances is recorded at the time of
sale as a reduction of net sales. The liability is estimated based on the costs of the program, the
planned duration of the program and historical experience.
Work Truck Solutions Segment Revenue Recognition
Within the Work Truck Solutions segment, we performs up-fitting services. Up-fitting services are
recognized as revenue when risk of loss passes and all of the following conditions are satisfied:
(i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (ii) the price is fixed or determinable;
(iii) collectability is reasonably assured; and (iv) the product has been either delivered or picked up by
the customer and we have no further obligations. Customers have no right of return privileges.
Historically, product returns have not been material and are permitted on an exception basis only.
Additionally, customers are billed separately for the truck chassis by the chassis manufacturer. We only
records sales for the net amount of the up-fit, excluding the truck chassis. We obtain the truck chassis
from the truck chassis manufacturer through either its ﬂoor plan agreement with a financial institution
or bailment pool agreement with the truck chassis manufacturer. For truck chassis acquired through the
ﬂoor plan agreement, we hold title to the vehicle from the time the chassis is received by us until the
completion of the up-fit. Meanwhile, under the bailment pool agreement, we do not take title to the
truck chassis, but rather only holds the truck chassis on consignment. We pay interest on both of these
arrangements as discussed below in Note 7. We record revenue in the same manner, net of the value of
the truck chassis in both our ﬂoor plan and bailment pool agreements.
34