stock under our dividend policy, our ability to pursue any material expansion of our business, including
through acquisitions, increased capital spending or other increases of our expenditures, will depend
more than it otherwise would on our ability to obtain third party financing. We cannot assure you that
such financing will be available to us at all, or at an acceptable cost. If we are unable to take timely
advantage of growth opportunities, our future financial condition and competitive position may be
harmed, which in turn may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which
would cause our business and reputation to suﬁer.
In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our
proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, as well as
personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our
networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our
operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and
infrastructure may be vulnerable to malicious attacks or breached due to employee error, malfeasance
or other disruptions, including as a result of rollouts of new systems. Any such breach could
compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost
or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or
proceedings and/or regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and/or cause a
loss of confidence in our products and services, which could adversely affect our business.
We may be unable to identijy, complete or benefit from strategic transactions.
Our long-term growth strategy includes building value for our company through a variety of
methods. These methods may include acquisition of, investment in, or joint ventures involving,
complementary businesses. We cannot assure that we will be able to identify suitable parties for these
transactions. If we are unable to identify suitable parties for strategic transactions we may not be able
to capitalize on market opportunities with existing and new customers, which could inhibit our ability to
gain market share. Even if we identify suitable parties to participate in these transactions, we cannot
assure that we will be able to make them on commercially acceptable terms, if at all.
In July 2016, we acquired Dejana. In December 2014, we acquired Henderson. We may not be
able to achieve the projected financial performance or incur unexpected costs or liabilities as a result of
these transactions. In addition, if in the future we acquire another company or its assets, it may be
difficult to assimilate the acquired businesses, products, services, technologies and personnel into our
operations. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and
workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our operating results and ability to compete and
gain market share. Mergers and acquisitions are inherently risky and are subject to many factors
outside our control. No assurance can be given that any future acquisitions will be successful and will
not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. In addition, we
may incur debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or investments.
The issuance of any equity securities could be dilutive to our stockholders. We also may need to make
further investments to support any acquired company and may have difficulty identifying and acquiring
appropriate resources. If we divest or otherwise exit certain portions of our business in connection with
a strategic transaction, we may be required to record additional expenses, and our estimates with
respect to the useful life and ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including goodwill
and purchased intangible assets, could change.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
Not applicable.
21