in the procurement of excessive supplies, which could result in increased inventory and associated
carrying costs.
If we are unable to enforce, maintain or continue to build our intellectual property portfolio, or if others
invalidate our intellectual property rights, our competitive position may be harmed.
Our patents relating to snowplow mounts, assemblies, hydraulics, electronics and lighting systems,
brooms, sand, salt and fertilizer spreader assemblies, reel handlers and carriers and shelving systems.
Patents are valid for the longer period of 17 years from issue date or 20 years from filing date. The
duration of the patents we currently possess range between less than one year and 18 years of
remaining life. Our patent applications date from 1997 through 2016.
We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets and trademarks to protect certain of the
proprietary aspects of our business and technology. We hold approximately 46 U.S. registered
trademarks (including the trademarks WESTERN®, FISHER®, DEJANA®, BLIZZARD®, SNOWEX®,
TURFEX®, SWEEPEX®, HENDERSON® and BRINEXTREME®) 13 Canadian registered
trademarks, 5 European trademarks, 74 U.S. issued patents, 11 Canadian patents and 5 Chinese and 2
Mexican trademarks. Although we work diligently to protect our intellectual property rights, monitoring
the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult, and the steps we have taken may not
prevent unauthorized use by others. In addition, in the event a third party challenges the validity of our
intellectual property rights, a court may determine that our intellectual property rights may not be valid
or enforceable. An adverse determination with respect to our intellectual property rights may harm our
business prospects and reputation. Third parties may design around our patents or may independently
develop technology similar to our trade secrets. The failure to adequately build, maintain and enforce
our intellectual property portfolio could impair the strength of our technology and our brands, and
harm our competitive position. Although we have no reason to believe that our intellectual property
rights are vulnerable, previously undiscovered intellectual property could be used to invalidate our
rights.
If we are unable to develop new products or improve upon our existing products on a timely basis, it could
have an adverse ejfect on our business and financial condition.
We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop on a timely basis
new technologically advanced products or improve upon our existing products in innovative ways that
meet or exceed our competitors’ product and up-fit offerings. Continuous product innovation ensures
that our consumers have access to the latest products and features when they consider buying snow and
ice control equipment and truck up-fits. Maintaining our market position will require us to continue to
invest in research and development and sales and marketing. Product development requires significant
financial, technological and other resources. We may be unsuccessful in making the technological
advances necessary to develop new products or improve our existing products to maintain our market
position. Industry standards, end-user expectations or other products may emerge that could render one
or more of our products less desirable or obsolete. If any of these events occur, it could cause
decreases in sales, a failure to realize premium pricing and an adverse effect on our business and
financial condition.
We face competition from other companies in our industry, and if we are unable to compete ejfectively with
these companies, it could have an adverse ejfect on our sales and profitability. Price competition among our
distributors and customers could negatively aﬁect our market share.
In our Work Truck Attachments segment, we primarily compete with regional manufacturers of
snow and ice control equipment for light and heavy duty trucks. While we are the most geographically
diverse company in our industry, we may face increasing competition in the markets in which we
operate. Additionally, in our Work Truck Solutions segment, we compete with other market leaders in
15