the truck up-fit industry. In saturated markets, price competition may lead to a decrease in our market
share or a compression of our margins, both of which would affect our profitability. Moreover, current
or future competitors may grow their market share and develop superior service and may have or may
develop greater financial resources, lower costs, superior technology or more favorable operating
conditions than we maintain. As a result, competitive pressures we face may cause price reductions for
our products, which would affect our profitability or result in decreased sales and operating income.
Additionally, saturation of the markets in which we compete or channel conﬂicts among our brands and
shifts in consumer preferences may increase these competitive pressures or may result in increased
competition among our distributors and affect our sales and profitability. In addition, price competition
among the distributors that sell our products could lead to significant margin erosion among our
distributors, which could in turn result in compressed margins or loss of market share for us.
Management believes that, after ourselves, the next largest competitors in the market for snow and ice
control equipment for light trucks are Northern Star Industries, Inc. (the manufacturer of the Boss
brand of snow and ice control equipment) and Meyer Products LLC, and accordingly represent our
primary competitors for light truck market share for our Work Truck Attachments segment.
Management believes that, after ourselves, the next largest competitors in the market for snow and ice
control equipment for heavy trucks are Monroe and Viking, and accordingly represent our primary
competitors for heavy truck market share for our Work Truck Attachments segment. Management
believes that, other regional market leaders in the truck up-fitting industry are Knapheide, Reading,
Palﬂeet and Autotruck, and accordingly represent our primary competitors for market share for our
Work Truck Solutions segment.
We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental and safety regulations that can
adversely aﬁect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business.
Our operations are subject to certain federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to,
among other things, the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation, disposal and discharge
of hazardous and non-hazardous substances and materials into the environment, the manufacturing of
motor vehicle accessories and employee health and safety. We cannot be certain that existing and
future laws and regulations and their interpretations will not harm our business or financial condition.
We currently make and may be required to make large and unanticipated capital expenditures to
comply with environmental and other regulations, such as:
0 Applicable motor vehicle safety standards established by the National Highway Traffic Safety
Administration;
0 Reclamation and remediation and other environmental protection; and
° Standards for workplace safety established by the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration.
While we monitor our compliance with applicable laws and regulations and attempt to budget for
anticipated costs associated with compliance, we cannot predict the future cost of such compliance. In
2016, the amount expended for such compliance was insignificant, but we could incur material expenses
in the future in the event of future legislation changes or unforeseen events, such as a workplace
accident or environmental discharge, or if we otherwise discover we are in non-compliance with an
applicable regulation. In addition, under these laws and regulations, we could be liable for:
0 Product liability claims;
0 Personal injuries;
0 Investigation and remediation of environmental contamination and other governmental sanctions
such as fines and penalties; and
16