Douglas Dynamics, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued)
Years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014
(Dollars in Thousands Except Per Share Data)
7. Long-Term Debt (Continued)
At December 31, 2016, the Company had outstanding borrowings under the term loan of $313,588
and no outstanding borrowings on the revolving credit facility and remaining borrowing availability of
$89,664.
The Company’s senior credit facilities include certain negative and operating covenants, including
restrictions on its ability to pay dividends, and other customary covenants, representations and
warranties and events of default. The senior credit facilities entered into and recorded by the
Company’s subsidiaries significantly restrict its subsidiaries from paying dividends and otherwise
transferring assets to the Company. The terms of the Company’s revolving credit facility specifically
restrict subsidiaries from paying dividends if a minimum availability under the revolving credit facility is
not maintained, and both senior credit facilities restrict subsidiaries from paying dividends above
certain levels or at all if an event of default has occurred. These restrictions would affect the Company
indirectly since the Company relies principally on distributions from its subsidiaries to have funds
available for the payment of dividends. In addition, the Company’s revolving credit facility includes a
requirement that, subject to certain exceptions, capital expenditures may not exceed $12,500 in any
calendar year (plus the unused portion of permitted capital expenditures from the preceding year
subject to a $12,500 cap and a separate one-time $15,000 capital expenditures to be used for the
consolidation of facilities and costs associated with the acquiring and/or development and construction
of one new manufacturing facility) and, if certain minimum availability under the revolving credit
facility is not maintained, that the Company comply with a monthly minimum fixed charge coverage
ratio test of 1.0: 1.0. Compliance with the fixed charge coverage ratio test is subject to certain cure
rights under the Company’s revolving credit facility. At December 31, 2016, the Company was in
compliance with the respective covenants. The credit facilities are collateralized by substantially all
assets of the Company.
In accordance with the senior credit facilities, the Company is required to make additional
principal prepayments over the above scheduled payments under certain conditions. This includes, in
the case of the term loan facility, 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales, certain
insurance or condemnation events, certain debt issuances, and, within 150 days of the end of the fiscal
year, 50% of excess cash ﬂow, as defined, including a deduction for certain distributions (which
percentage is reduced to 0% upon the achievement of certain leverage ratio thresholds), for any fiscal
year. Excess cash ﬂow is defined in the senior credit facilities as consolidated adjusted EBIT DA
(earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) plus a working capital adjustment less
the sum of repayments of debt and capital expenditures subject to certain adjustments, interest and
taxes paid in cash, management fees and certain restricted payments (including dividends or
distributions). Working capital adjustment is defined in the senior credit facilities as the change in
working capital, defined as current assets excluding cash and cash equivalents less current liabilities
excluding current portion of long term debt. As of December 31, 2016, the Company was not required
to make an excess cash ﬂow payment.
The Company entered into interest rate swap agreements on February 20, 2015 to reduce its
exposure to interest rate volatility. The three interest rate swap agreements have notional amounts of
$45,000, $90,000 and $135,000 effective for the periods December 31, 2015 through March 29, 2018,
March 29, 2018 through March 31, 2020 and March 31, 2020 through June 30, 2021, respectively. The
F-3O