1.12. “ Participant,” shall mean any Associate of the Company or a Participating Employer who satisfies the eligibility
requirements in Section II and who has an Account established under the Plan, and Participant shall also include any former
Associate of the Company or a Participating Employer who was a Participant in the Plan at the time of his or her termination of
employment until such time as an Account Closure occurs.
1.13. “ ParticipatingEmployeL” shall mean an Affiliate whose participation in the Plan has been approved by the Committee. The
Committee may require the Participating Employer to make corresponding contributions under the Plan in accordance with rules and
procedures established by the Committee. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may terminate any such Affiliate’s Participating
Employer status at any time and the Participants’ Accounts will be treated as if such Participants had transferred employment to an
Affiliate that is not a Participating Employer as described in Section 5.3 of the Plan.
1.14. “ Payroll Deduction ” shall mean the payroll deduction from a Participant’s biweekly or weekly regular compensation
(including from vacation pay and any paid leave of absence) of an amount authorized by the Participant as a Payroll Deduction
Contribution.
1.15. “ Plan,” shall mean the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. 2004 Associate Stock Purchase Plan (formerly known as the Wal-Mart Stores,
Inc. 1996 Associate Stock Purchase Plan), as amended, restated and renamed herein, or as it may be further amended from time to
time.
1.16. “ Planjlear,” shall mean April 1 of a calendar year to March 31 of the following calendar year, or such other period as set by
the Committee.
1.17. “ .S,e,c,tion,16,foicers," shall mean those officers of the Company who are subject to subsection 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.
1.18. “ Stock,” shall mean the common stock, $.10 par value per share, of the Company.
II. ELIGIBILITY
2.1. Infreneral. All Associates (including Section 16 Officers) of the Company or a Participating Employer are eligible to
participate in the Plan, subject to the following limitations:
(a) Associates who are restricted or prohibited from participating in the Plan under the applicable law of their
state or country of residence may not participate in the Plan, except as may be provided in accordance with rules and procedures
established by the Committee.
(b) . Associates of the Company and its affiliates who are members of acollective bargaining unit whose
benefits were the subject of good fa1th collective bargaining are excluded from part101patlon 1n the Plan.
(c) Participation by Associates of non-US. Participating Employers shall only be permitted upon approval by
the (iommittee, which approval may be limited to groups or categories of Associates designated by the non-US. Participating
Emp oyer.
2