Employer”) and the proportion of the Incentive Year during which you provided service to Walmart or, if different,
the Affiliate to which you permanently transferred (the “Subsequent Employer”).
2. IncentiveiYeariEollowingPermancntIransfern. Once you permanently transfer your Continuous Status,
the Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings. thereof) and Performance Goals applicable. for the
Subsequent Employer shall be applied to your Performance Units for the subsequent Incentive Years remaining in
your Performance Period.
C. PermanentiTransfersitonAffiliateioLBositioniwhereiPerformanc,e:Bas,e,d,AwardsnareiNotiGranted,. If you
permanently transfer your Continuous Status to an Affiliate or into a position where performance-based Plan Awards are. not
granted (other than where Paragraph 6.B applies), then the Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings
thereof) and Performance Goals applicable to your Performance Units will be prorated and adjusted in the same method as
set forth in Paragraph 9.B.1. and 9.B.2. above, provided however , that for the purposes of Paragraph 9.B.2., you_w111 be
informed of the app icable performance criteria in respect of the subsequent Incentive Years in your Performance Period.
D. Transfers to New Position with Same Employer . If you transfer to a position with the same Employer (as defined
herein) but your new position is subject to different applicable Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings
thereof) and Performance Goals, then the Performance Measures (1nclud1ng1 any applicable we1ght1ngs thereof) and
Performance Goals applicable to your Performance Units for the remainder of t e Performance Period Wlll be prorated and
adjusted using the same methodology as described in Paragraphs 9B. 1. and 9.B.2. above.
10. Iaxesandlaxﬂithholding:.
A. You agree to consult with any tax advisors you think necessary in connection with your Performance Units and
acknowledge that you are not relying, and will not rely, on Walmart or any Affiliate for any tax adv1ce.
B. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by Walmart (or if different, the Employer), the ultimate
liability for all income tax, social insurance, pension, payroll taX, fringe benefits taX, payment on account or other tax-related
items related to your participation in the P an and egally applicable to you (“Tax-Related Items”) is and remains your
responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by Walmart or the. Employer. You further acknowledge that
Walmart and/or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding t e treatment of any Tax-Relate Items
in connection with any aspect of the Performance Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the
Performance Units, the su sequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any diVidends; and
(b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Performance Units or any aspect of the
Performance Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if
you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that Walmart and/or the Employer (or
your former employer, as applicable) may be required to Withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one
jurisdiction.
6