. _ (d) Section 16 Officers may be restricted in their ability to acquire or sell shares of Stock in order to comply
With Sectlon 16 of the Securrtres Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, 1n accordance With rules and procedures adopted by the
Committee.
2.2. LeaxesbfAbsence. Participants continue to be eligible to participate in the Plan while on a bona fide leave of absence from
the Company or a Participating Employer in accordance with applicable policies of the Company or Participating Employer, or
under such other circumstances with the approval of the Committee.
III. PLAN CONTRIBUTIONS
3.1. Shares Available for Contributions . Subject to stockholder approval, as of February 1, 2004, 142,624,272 shares of Stock
will be available for issuance under the Plan.
3.2. Plan,C,ontrib,utions,. The definitions of the types of Contributions which may be made pursuant to the Plan are as follows
(subject to the limits provided in Section 3.3 as applicable):
(a) “ AwardIContribution,” means a contribution under the Plan on behalf of a Participant by the Company or
a Participating Employer, as applicable, made pursuant to the Award Program in the sole discretion of the Committee.
(b) O _ . “ Matching,C,ontrib,ution,” means a cash contribution to the Plan on behalf of a Participant by the
Company or a Part1c1pat1ng Employer, as appllcable, wh1ch IS equal to fifteen percent (15%) of the amount of the Part1c1pant’s
Payroll Deductlon (up to a max1mum dollar 1m1t).
(c) “ Payroll Deduction Contribution ” means a contribution to the Plan by a Participant pursuant to a valid
authorization for a Payroll Deduction.
_ _ (d) “ Bioluntarinontribution,’f means a contribution, if and to the extent permitted by the Committee from
t1me to t1me, of shares of Stock or cash by the Part1c1pant to the Part1c1pant’s Account wh1ch 1s not made by Payroll Deduct1on.
3.3. Maximum Limits on Contributions .
_ (a). _ Matching Contributions and “Outstanding Performance” awards under the Award Program are subject to a
maxrmum dollar limit for the Plan Year as set by the Committee from t1me to t1me 1n 1ts d1scretlon.
(b) During any Plan Year, the combination of Payroll Deduction Contributions and Voluntary Contributions
made in cash (not Stock) by a Participant shall not exceed $125,000.
3.4. byr011,Deductions,.
(a) Subject to the Committee’s authority to adjust the following amounts, a Participant’s authorization for
Payroll Deductlon shall be for a mrnrmum amount of $2.00 per
3