Award, payment to a Recipient with respect to Performance Units may be made (a) in Shares, (b) in cash or by check equal to the
Shares’ Fair Market Value on the date the Performance Units are settled, or (c) any combination of cash and Shares, as the
Committee shall determine at any time in its sole discretion.
10.7 Limitation of Rights. A Recipient of Performance Units is not entitled to any rights of a holder of the Shares (e. g. voting
rights and dividend rights), prior to the receipt of Shares pursuant to the settlement of the Plan Award (if the Plan Award is settled in
Shares). No dividend equivalents will be paid with respect to Performance Units.
10.8 Withholding. The Committee may withhold in accordance with Section 11.10 any amounts necessary to collect any
withholding taxes upon any taxable event relating to Performance Units.
10.9 Deferral of Shares or Cash Payout. At the time of grant of Performance Units (or at such earlier or later time as the
Committee determines to be appropriate in light of Code Section 409A) the Committee may permit the Recipient to elect to defer
delivery of Shares (or payment of cash) with respect to the Plan Award in accordance with such rules and procedures established by
the Committee. Such rules and procedures shall take into account potential tax treatment under Code Section 409A.
MISCELLANEOUS
11.1 Issuance of Stock Certiﬁcates; Book-Entry; or Purchase of Shares.
(a) If a Recipient has the right to the delivery of any Shares pursuant to any Plan Award, Walmart shall issue or cause to be
issued a stock certificate or a book-entry crediting Shares to the Recipient’s account promptly upon the exercise of the Plan
Award or the right arising under the Plan Award.
(b) A Recipient’s right to Open Market Shares pursuant to settlement of a Plan Award of Restricted Stock Units or Performance
Units shall not be satisfied by Walmart’s delivery of Shares but rather Walmart or an Affiliate shall purchase the Shares on
the open market on behalf of the Recipient by forwarding cash to an independent broker who will in turn purchase the Shares
on the open market on behalf of the Recipient.
11.2 Compliance with Code Section 162(m).
(a) To the extent awards to Covered Employees are intended to be Qualified Performance Based Awards, the material terms of
the Performance Goals under which awards are paid (and any material changes in material terms) shall be disclosed to and
approved by Walmart’s stockholders in a separate vote. Material terms include the eligible Recipients specified in Section
5.1, the Performance Measures pursuant to which the Performance Goals are set, and the maximum amount of compensation
that could be paid to any Covered Employee or the formula used to calculate the amount of compensation to be paid to the
Covered Employee if the Performance Goal is attained.
(b) Performance Measures must be disclosed to and reapproved by the stockholders no later than the first stockholder meeting
that occurs in the ﬁfth year following the year in which stockholders previously approved the Performance Measures. If
applicable laws change to permit Committee discretion to alter the governing Performance Measures without conditioning
deductibility on obtaining stockholder approval (or reapproval) of any