deferral election shall be allocated to a Retirement Account deemed to be elected by the Participant with a lump sum
form of payment, and such Retirement Account shall be one of the Participant’s permitted Retirement Accounts under
the Plan.
3.6 Irrevocability of Deferral Elections and Account Allocation Elections.
(a) Except as otherwise provided herein, once made for a Plan Year, a deferral election or elections under Sections 3.1(b)
(1), 3.2(b)(l) and 3.2(b)(2), and the corresponding account allocation election or elections under Section 3.5, may not
be revoked, changed or modiﬁed after the applicable deferral election ﬁling deadline specified in Sections 3.1(b)(1),
3.2(b)(l), and 3.2(b)(2), and a deferral election or elections under Sections 3.1(b)(2), 3.2(b)(3), 3.3(b) and 3.3(c), and
the corresponding account allocation election or elections under Section 3.5, may not be revoked, changed or
modified after the date of each such deferral election as provided in Sections 3. l(b)(2), 3.2(b)(3), 3.3(b) and 3.3(c). A
deferral election for one Plan Year will not automatically be given effect for a subsequent Plan Year, so that if a
deferral is desired for a subsequent Plan Year, a separate election must be made by the Eligible Participant.
(b) In the event an Eligible Ofﬁcer has a Separation from Service for any reason, then his or her deferral election under
Section 3.1 will terminate as of the date of such Separation from Service (but will be effective with respect to the last
regular paycheck issued to such Eligible Officer), regardless of whether the Eligible Officer continues to receive
Compensation, or other remuneration, from any Employer or Related Afﬁliate thereafter. If an Eligible Officer has a
Separation from Service for any reason and is rehired (whether or not as an Eligible Officer) within the same Plan
Year, his or her deferral election, if any, under Section 3.1 shall be automatically reinstated and shall remain in effect
for the remainder of such Plan Year.
(0) In the event an Eligible Participant has a Separation from Service for any reason, then his or her deferral elections, if
any, under Sections 3.2 and 3.3 will remain in effect with respect to the bonus, if any, subject to any such deferral
election. If an Eligible Participant has a Separation from Service for any reason and is rehired (whether or not as an
Eligible Participant) within the same Plan Year or the same performance period, his or her deferral elections, if any,
under Sections 3.2 and 3.3 will remain in effect with respect to the bonus, if any, subject to any such deferral
elections.
(d) In the event an Eligible Participant who is an Eligible Officer ceases to be an Eligible Officer (other than on account
of a Separation from Service) during any Plan Year, then his or her Compensation deferral election, if any, under
Section 3.1 will terminate as of the next following January 31. In addition, in the event the Compensation of such
individual is reduced as a result of the change in status, his or her deferral election following such loss and through
the date of
12