participation in the Plan that cannot be satisﬁed by the means previously described. Walmart may refuse to deliver the Shares or the
proceeds of the sale of Shares, if you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.
F. By accepting this Agreement, you agree not to make a Code Section 83(b) election with respect to this award of
Performance-Based Restricte Stock.
11. Performanc,e:Bas,e,d,Restricted,StockNoLTransferable. The Performance-Based Restricted Stock may not be sold, conveyed,
assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of or encumbered at any time prior to vesting of the Performance-Based
Restricted Stock and the issuance of the underlying Shares. Any attempted action in violation of this Paragraph 11 shall be null,
void, and without effect.
12. Country-Specific Appendix . Notwithstanding any provision in these Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Notification
of Award and Terms and Conditions of Award to the contrary, the grant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock also shall be subject
to any special terms and conditions as set forth in any appendix attached hereto (the “Appendix”) with respect to certain laws, rules,
and regulations specific to your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special
terms and conditions for such country will apply to you, to the extent Walmart determines that the application of such terms and
conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix is incorporated by reference into these
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Award Notification of Award and Terms and Conditions of Award and, together, these
documents constitute this Agreement.
13. NatureﬁfBlanAwardn You further acknowledge, understand and agree that:
A. the Plan is established voluntarily by Walmart and is discretionary in nature,
_B. the giant of Performance-Based Restricted Stock is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or
other right to rece1ve .ture grants of Performance-Based Restricted Stock or other awards, or beneﬁts 1n11eu of Performance-Based
Restricted Stock, even if performance-based restrlcted stock has been granted 1n the past“,
C.. _ all decisions with respect to future grants of Performance-Based Restricted Stock or other awards, if any, will be at
the sole dlscret1on of the Commlttee',
D. neither this Agreement nor . the Plan creates any .contract. of employment with any entity involved in .the
management or admlnlstration of the Plan or th1s Agreement, and noth1ng 1n thls Agreement or the Plan s all interfere With or 11m1t
in any way the right of Walmart or the Employer, if different, to terminate your Continuous Status at any time, nor confer upon you
the right to continue in the employ of Walmart or any Afﬁliate;
. E. the Performance-Based Restricted Stock and the Shares underlying the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, and
the 1ncome and value of same, relate exclusrvely to your Contlnuous Status during the vestlng per1od appllcable to your
Performance-Based Restricted Stock;
6