inability to deduct the value of such Shares because of the limitation on deductible compensation under Code Section
162(m), then Walmart shall defer the delivery of such Shares until the first year in which Walmart reasonably anticipates that
the related deduction will not be limited under Section 162(m) (the “First Non-162(m) Year”) in accordance with the
Deferral Procedures under the Plan and Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder. However, if you have made an
irrevocable election to defer such Shares to a date later than the First Non-162(m) Year, then Walmart shall not deliver such
Shares in the First Non-162(m) Year, but shall instead deliver your Shares in accordance with your irrevocable election and
the Deferral Procedures.
1. CoverediEmpgyeeiPlamAwardsiSubjectitoiShareholderiApprovalmTo the extent you are a “covered
employee” within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), your Plan Award and this Agreement are subject to, and
conditioned upon, shareholder approval of the mater1al terms of the performance goals referred to 1n Paragraph 5.A
above.
D. Electixeilleferra1,inSharesnIf you are eligible to defer delivery of the Shares underlying your Restricted Stock
award to a future date in accordance with Section 10.9 of the Plan and rules and dprocedures relating thereto, you will be
adv1sed as to when any such deferral election must be made and the rules and proce ures applicable to such deferral election.
6. Forfeiture Conditions . Subject to Paragraph 8 below, the Performance Units. that would otherwise vest in whole or in part
on the Vesting Date Will not vest and Will be 1mme lately forfelted 1f, prlor to the Vestlng Date:
A. your Continuous Status terminates for any reason (other than death or Disability, to the extent provided in
Paragraph 8 below); or
B. You have not executed and delivered to Walmart a Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use Agreement, in a form to be
provided to you by Walmart.
Each of the events described in Paragraphs 6A and 6B above shall be referred to as a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of
this Agreement. Furthermore, if applicable, you shall be advised if the Committee has determined that your acceptance of this Plan
Award is further conditioned upon your execution and delivery to Walmart of a Post Termination Agreement and Covenant Not to
Compete, in a form to be provided to you by Walmart. If applicable, the failure to execute and deliver such Post Termination
Agreement and Covenant Not to Compete shall also be deemed a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of this Agreement. Upon the
occurrence of a Forfeiture Condition, you shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock (including any cash
dividends and non-cash proceeds related to the Restricted Stock for which the record date occurs on or after the date of the
forfeiture) or the underlying Shares.
7. Administrative Suspension . If you are subject to an administrative suspension, vesting of your Performance Units
may be suspended as of the date. youare placedon administrative suspension. If you are not reinstated as an Associate in good
standing at the end of the adm1n1strat1ve suspensmn perlod, your Performance Un1ts may be 1mmed1ately forfeited and you shall
have no further rights With respect to such Performance Un1ts or the underlylng Shares. If you are relnstated as an Assoc1ate 1n good
standing at the end of the administrative suspension period, then the vesting of your Performance Units will resume as provided in
Paragraph 5, and any Performance Un1ts that would have vested wh1le you were on adm1n1strat1ve suspens10n Wlll
4