WAL-MART STORES, INC.
2004 ASSOCIATE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN
I. DEFINITIONS
1.1. “ Account ” shall mean a Participant’s account which holds his or her shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan.
1.2. “ Account Administrator ” shall mean the third party administrator for the Accounts as may be from time to time appointed by
the Committee.
1.3. “ Account Closure ” shall mean the closing of a Participant’s Account by one of the following means:
(a) “ Automatic Account Closure ” shall mean the closure of a Participant’s Account by the Committee gor the
Account Administrator if applicable) at the time such Participant’s Account balance contams no shares (or fractional shares) 0
Stock on or after his or her termination of employment with the Employer.
(b) “ ParticipantAccounLClosure:’ shall mean the closure of a Participant’s Account pursuant to a request by
the Participant to have his or her Account closed and to have all Stock or proceeds from the sale thereof d1str1buted.
1.4. “ Affiliate ” shall mean any entity that is more than 50% owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Company.
1.5. “ Associate ” shall mean any common law employee of an Employer, but shall not include independent contractors. An
individual classified by the Employer as either an independent contractor or an individual who provides services to the Employer
through another entity shall not be eligible to participate in this Plan during the period that the individual is so classified, even if such
individual is later retroactively reclassiﬁed as an Associate during all or any part of such period pursuant to applicable law or
otherwise.
1.6. “ AwardProgram,” shall mean a program established by the Company or a Participating Employer that results in its
Associates receiving shares of Stock as an award for job performance.
1.7. “ Board,” shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.
1.8. “ Committee,” shall mean the Stock Option Committee of the Board, or such other committee as may be appointed by the
Board.
1.9. “ Compamg’ shall mean Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
1.10. “ Contribution,” shall mean any of the types of contributions that may be made to a Participant’s Account under the Plan,
either by the Company, a Participating Employer or a Participant as set forth in Section III.
1.11. “ Employer ” shall mean the Company and its Affiliates.
1