C. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements
satisfactory to Walmart and the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize Walmart and/or the
Employer, or their rehslpective agents, at their sole discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-
Related Items by wit olding of Shares to be issued upon settlement of the Vested Performance Units. In the event that such
withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting
consequences, by your acceptance of the Performance Units and this Agreement, you authorize and direct Walmart and any
broker or other third party designated by Walmart to sell on your behalf a who e number of Shares corresponding to the
Vested Performance Units that Walmart or the Employer determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds sufﬁcient to
satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. However, Walmart may also require you to satisfy the Tax-Related Items by any
other method of withholding it authorizes, in its sole discretion, including through withholding from your wages or other cash
compensation paid to you by Walmart or any Affiliate.
D. Depending on the withholding method, Walmart or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by considering applicable minimum statutory withholdin rates or other a licable withholding rates, including maximum
applicable rates. Further, if the obligation for Tax-Relate? Items is satisfiedﬁy withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you
are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Vested Performance Units, notwithstanding that a
number of the Shares are withheld solelyhfor the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. If as a result of withholding whole
Shares, an excess amount of tax is wit eld, such excess tax wi 1 be reported and Ipaid to the applicable tax authorities or
regulatory body. In the event that any excess amounts are withheld to satisfy the ob igation for Tax-Related Items, you may
be entitled to receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in the form of cash and will have no entitlement to the Share
equivalent.
E. Finally, you agree to pay to Walmart or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that Walmart or the
Employer may be required to wit old or account for as a result of your participation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by
the means previously described. Walmart may refuse to issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if
you fail to comply with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.
11. Performance Units Not Transferable . The Performance Units may not be sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred, pledged
or otherwise disposed of or encumbered at any time prior to vesting of the Performance Units and the issuance of the underlying
Shares. Any attempted action in violation of this Paragraph 11 shall be null, void, and without effect.
12. C,ount1:y;S,peciﬁc,App,endix,. Notwithstanding any provision in these Share-Settled Performance Unit Notification and
Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the grant of Performance Units also shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set
forth in any appendix attached hereto (the “Appendix”) with respect to certain laws, rules and regulations specific to your country.
Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such country will
apply to you, to the extent Walmart determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal
or administrative reasons. The Appendix is incorporated by reference into these Share-
7