policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. Any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies,
could adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation.
We are also subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the US. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. The
determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. Our income taxes
could be materially adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in
jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or
accounting principles.
We are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing
tax regulations and legislation. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts
recorded in our consolidated ﬁnancial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which
such determination and settlement is made.
We are subject to certain legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, ﬁnancial condition and liquidity.
We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. In particular, we are currently a defendant in a
number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws, as well as a number of
cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state consumer laws.
In addition, ASDA Stores, Ltd. ("ASDA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has been named as a defendant in over 7,000 "equal value" claims that are
pending in the Manchester Employment Tribunal (the "Employment Tribunal") in the United Kingdom. The claimants, who are current and former ASDA store
employees, allege that the work performed by female employees in ASDA's retail stores is of equal value in terms of, among other things, the demands of their
jobs to that of male employees working in ASDA's warehouses and distribution facilities, and that the disparity in pay between these different job positions is not
objectively justified. The claimants are seeking: (i) back pay consisting of the difference between the wage rate paid in the stores and the rate paid in the
warehouses and distribution facilities for the period of their employment up to a maximum of six years under the statute of limitations; and (ii) an increase in the
store rate prospectively, to match that paid in the warehouses and the distribution facilities. On January 30, 2015, the Employment Tribunal held a case
management conference in order to set a schedule for addressing jurisdictional challenges and other issues involved in the first phase of the litigation. At this time,
it is undetermined: (i) how many of these claims may ultimately be filed; or (ii) whether the Employment Tribunal will decide to hear each claim individually or to
consolidate them into groups of similar claims and proceed with the trial of "test cases." Determinations made in such test cases, if any, might be asserted as
binding in subsequent trials of claims within that group and any subsequent claims involving the same issues. Moreover, a determination as to the appropriate rate
of pay for a particular store position might be asserted as the basis for additional claims for back pay or wage increases by other store associates who perform, or
who have performed, like work in that position.
On March 23, 2015, ASDA asked the Employment Tribunal to stay all proceedings, contending that the High Court, which is the superior ﬁrst instance civil court
in the UK that is headquartered in the Royal Courts of Justice in the City of London, is the more convenient and appropriate forum to hear these claims. On March
23, 2015, ASDA also asked the Employment Tribunal to "strike out" substantially all of the claims for failing to comply with Employment Tribunal rules.
Following argument and appellate proceedings, the claims have remained in the Employment Tribunal. The issue of stay, strike out, and the scope of Employment
Tribunal rules are the subject of further appellate proceedings. We discuss this case and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "Item 3.
Legal Proceedings" and in Note 10 in the "Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements," which are part of our Annual Report to Shareholders, which are
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are included as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
24