6. Eorfeitureﬁonditions,.
A. SatisfactiomofiPerformanceiGoals,. .Within 90 days of the Grant Date, the Committee will adopt one or more
performance goals which must be met or exceeded during one or more performance periods as a condition precedent to the vesting
of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock. Those performance goals Wlll be communicated to you_1n a separate writing, Which Will
be incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Unless the Company meets or exceeds the applicable performance goal or goals
for the applicable performance period or periods, _as certified by the Committee in accordance With the Plan, your Performance-
Based Restricted Stock award that would otherWise vest in Whole or in part on any Vest1ng Date Will not vest and shall be
immediately forfeited as of the last day of such performance period.
. B. cheLEorfeitureiConditions,. Subject to Paragraph below, the Shares underlying your Performance-Based
Restricted Stock. that would otherWise vest in Whole or in part on a Vest1ng Date Will not vest and Will e immediately forfe1ted 1f,
prior to the Vest1ng Date:
i. your Continuous Status terminates for any reason (other than death or Disability, to the extent provided in
Paragraph 8 below); or
ii. _ You have not executed and delivered to Walmart a Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use Agreement, in a
form to be prov1ded to you by Walmart.
Each of the events described in Paragraphs 6.A, 6.B.i, and 6.B.ii above shall be referred to as a “Forfeiture Condition” for
purposes of this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a Forfeiture Condition, you shall have no further rights with respect to such
Performance-Based Restricted Stock (including any cash dividends and non-cash proceeds related to the Performance-Based
Restricted Stock for which the record date occurs on or after the date of the forfeiture) or the underlying Shares.
7. _ Administrative Suspension . If you are subject to an administrative suspension, vesting of your Performance-Based
Restricted Stock may be suspended as of the date you are placed on administrative suspens10n. If you are not reinstated as an
Assomate 1n jgood standing at the end of the administrative suspens10n period, your Performance-Based Restricted Stock may be
immediately orfe1ted and you shall have no further rights With respect to such Performance-Based Restricted Stock (including any
cash d1v1dends and non-cash proceeds related to the Performance-Based Restricted Stock for which the record date occurs on or after
the date of the forfeiture) or _the underlying Shares. If you are reinstated as an Assoc1ate in good standing at the end of the
administrative suspenSIOn period, then t e vesting of your Restriced Stock Will resume. as prov1ded in Paragraph 5, and any
Performance-Based Restricted Stock that would have vested while you were onadministrative suspens10n Will vest and the number
of Shares corresponding to the vested Performance-Based Restricted Stock Will .be delivered to you as soon as administratively
feasrble, but in any event Within 74 days of the end of the administrative suspens10n period Wthh shall be cons1dered the Vest1ng
Date for purposes of this Paragraph 7.
3