Terms and Conditions
Labor Law Acknowledgement . The Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income and value
of same, are extraordinary items that are not part of your annual gross salary.
Notifications
Exchange Control Information . If you are a resident of India for exchange control purposes, you will be required to repatriate the
cash payout upon vesting of Performance Units to India within 90 days of receipt. You will receive a foreign inward remittance
certificate (“FIRC”) from the bank where you deposit the foreign currency. You should maintain the FIRC as evidence of the
repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India, Walmart or any Affiliate requests proof of repatriation.
Eoreign,AssetLAccounLReporting,Information,. If you are a tax resident of India, you will be required to declare foreign bank
accounts and any foreign financial assets in your annual tax return. It is your responsibility to comply with this reporting obligation
and you should consult with your personal tax advisor in this regard.
JAPAN
Notifications
EoreignAssetLAccounLReportingInformation,. If you are a Japanese tax resident, you will be required to report details of any assets
held outside of Japan as of December 31st (including any cash acquired under the Plan) to the extent such assets have a total net fair
market value exceeding ¥50,000,000. Such report will be due by March 15th each year. You should consult with your personal tax
advisor as to whether the reporting obligation applies to you and whether you will be required to include details of any outstanding
Performance Units or cash held by you in the report.
LUXEMBOURG
There are no country-specific provisions.
MEXICO
Terms and Conditions
N,o,EntitlementforiClaimsonCompensation,. The following sections supplement Paragraph 13 of the T&C’s:
Modification. By accepting the Performance Units, you acknowledge and agree that any modification of the Plan or the Agreement
or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your Continuous Status.
6