WALMART DEFERRED COMPENSATION MATCHING PLAN
ARTICLE I.
GENERAL
1.1 Purpose.
The purpose of the Walmart Deferred Compensation Matching Plan is to enable certain individuals to defer compensation
and to be credited with matching allocations and earnings. The Plan is intended to reward such individuals for their contributions to
the success of Walmart and its Related Affiliates. The Plan is also intended to assist such individuals in saving for retirement by
providing benefits that are in excess of benefits permitted by applicable law under the 401(k) Plan.
1.2 Effective Date.
The effective date of the amended and restated Plan is February 1, 2016.
1.3 Nature of Plan.
The Plan is intended to be (and shall be administered as) an unfunded employee pension plan benefiting a select group of
management or highly compensated employees under the provisions of ERISA. The Plan shall be “unfunded” for tax purposes and
for purposes of Title I of ERISA. Any and all payments under the Plan shall be made solely from the general assets of Walmart. A
Participant’s interests under the Plan do not represent or create a claim against specific assets of Walmart or any Employer. Nothing
herein shall be deemed to create a trust of any kind or create any fiduciary relationship between the Committee, Walmart or any
Employer and a Participant, the Participant’s beneficiary or any other person. To the extent any person acquires a right to receive
payments from Walmart under this Plan, such right is no greater than the right of any other unsecured general creditor of Walmart.
The Plan is intended to be in compliance with Code Section 409A and shall be interpreted, applied and administered at all times in
accordance with Code Section 409A and guidance issued thereunder.
ARTICLE II.
DEFINITIONS
2.1 Deﬁnitions.
Whenever used in this Plan, the following words and phrases have the meaning set forth below unless the context plainly
requires a different meaning:
(a) Account means the bookkeeping account maintained under the Plan to reﬂect a Participant’s Deferral Credits,
Matching Contribution Credits, and earnings credited in accordance with Section 4.4. A Participant’s “Account” shall
consist of his or her Deferral Account, and his or her Matching Account. A Participant’s Deferral Account may be
allocated among one or more Scheduled
1