Table of Contents
Codiﬁcation 840, Leases , ("ASC 840") defines those payments as automatic indicators of ownership and requires the Company to capitalize the lessor's total
project cost with a corresponding financing obligation. Upon completion of the lessor's project, the Company performs a sale-leaseback analysis pursuant to ASC
840 to determine if these assets and the related financing obligation can be derecognized from the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the Company is
deemed to have "continuing involvement," the leased assets and the related financing obligation remain on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets and are
generally amortized over the lease term.
Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are stated at cost. Management reviews long-lived assets for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The evaluation is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash ﬂows, which is at the individual store or club level
or, in certain circumstances, a market group of stores. Undiscounted cash ﬂows expected to be generated by the related assets are estimated over the assets' useful
lives based on updated projections. If the evaluation indicates that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable, any potential impairment is measured
based upon the fair value of the related asset or asset group as determined by an appropriate market appraisal or other valuation technique. Impairment charges of
long-lived assets for fiscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 were not material.
Goodwill and Other Acquired Intangible Assets
Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in business combinations and is allocated to the appropriate reporting
unit when acquired. Other acquired intangible assets are stated at the fair value acquired as determined by a valuation technique commensurate with the intended
use of the related asset. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized; rather, they are evaluated for impairment annually and whenever events
or changes in circumstances indicate that the value of the asset may be impaired. Definite-lived intangible assets are considered long-lived assets and are amortized
on a straight-line basis over the periods that expected economic benefits will be provided.
Goodwill is evaluated for impairment using either a qualitative or quantitative approach for each of the Company's reporting units. Generally, a qualitative
assessment is ﬁrst performed to determine whether a quantitative goodwill impairment test is necessary. If management determines, after performing an
assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the
reporting unit substantially in excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a quantitative goodwill impairment test would be required. The quantitative
test for goodwill impairment is performed by determining the fair value of the related reporting units. Fair value is measured based on the discounted cash ﬂow
method and relative market—based approaches.
The Company's reporting units were evaluated using a quantitative impairment test. Management determined the fair value of each reporting unit is greater than the
carrying amount and, accordingly, the Company has not recorded any impairment charges related to goodwill.
The following table reﬂects goodwill activity, by reportable segment, for fiscal 2016 and 2015 :
Walmart
(Amounts in millions) Walmart U.S. _ International _ Sam's Club _ Total
’Balances as of February 1, 2014 $ 451 $ 18,746 $ 313 $ 19,510 ‘
Changes in currency translation and other — (1,418) — (1,418)
’Acquisitions (1) 10 — — 10 ‘
Balances as of January 31, 2015 461 17,328 313 18,102
lChanges in currency translation and other — (1,412) — (1,412) ‘
Acquisitions (1) — 5 — 5
’Balances as of January 31, 2016 $ 461 $ 15,921 $ 313 $ 16,695 l
(1) Goodwill recorded for ﬁscal 2016 and 2015 acquisitions relates to acquisitions that are not signiﬁcant, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company's Consolidated Financial
Statements.
Indeﬁnite-lived intangible assets are included in other assets and deferred charges in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. These assets are evaluated for
impairment based on their fair values using valuation techniques which are updated annually based on the most recent variables and assumptions. There were no
impairment charges related to indefinite-lived intangible assets recorded for ﬁscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Self Insurance Reserves
The Company self-insures a number of risks, including, but not limited to, workers' compensation, general liability, auto liability, product liability and certain
employee-related healthcare beneﬁts. Standard actuarial procedures and data analysis are used to estimate the liabilities associated with these risks as of the
balance sheet date on an undiscounted basis. The recorded liabilities reﬂect the ultimate cost for claims incurred but not paid and any estimable administrative run-
out expenses related to
33