Eligible Officer before commencement of employment and that specifically refers to the deferability of the
bonus by explicit reference to this Plan or (2) the bonus is eligible for deferral in accordance with guidelines
established by the Committee, or by an ofﬁcer to whom the Committee has delegated authority to establish such
guidelines, and the bonus requires as a condition of receipt of the bonus and to avoid forfeiture of the bonus that the
recipient continue to perform services for the Employer for a period of at least thirteen (13) months after the date he
or she obtains the legally binding right to the bonus.
(ee) Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe ﬁnancial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident
of the Participant, the Participant’s spouse, the Participant’s beneficiary, or the Participant’s dependent (as defined in
Code Section 152, without regard to subsections (b)(l), (b)(2) and (d)(1)(B)), the loss of the Participant’s property
due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond
the control of the Participant.
(ff) Valuation Date means each day of the Plan Year.
(gg) Walmart means Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
(hh) Years of Participation means a period of Plan Years which includes the first Plan Year with respect to which an
Eligible Participant makes a deferral election in accordance with any one or more of Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3 and an
amount is credited to the Participant’s Account with respect to any such deferral election, and each subsequent Plan
Year during all or part of which the Participant remains a Participant. In addition to the preceding definition, a
Participant’s Years of Participation shall include any period commencing February 1 and ending January 31, whether
before or after the effective date of the Plan, during which or with respect to which an account is maintained for the
Participant under the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Officer Deferred Compensation Plan, as such plan may be amended from
time to time.
ARTICLE III.
DEFERRAL CREDITS AND MATCHING CONTRIBUTION CREDITS AND ACCOUNT ALLOCATIONS
3.1 Deferred Compensation.
(a) For each Plan Year, each Eligible Officer may elect to defer, as Deferred Compensation, all or a portion of the
Eligible Officer’s Compensation to be otherwise paid for such Plan Year by the Employer, provided, however, that no
election shall be effective to reduce amounts paid by the Employer to an Eligible Officer to an amount which is less
than the sum of the amount the Employer is required to withhold for a Plan Year for purposes of federal, state, or
local taxes (including, but not limited to, income and FICA withholding) or for insurance premiums or other
withholdings as allowed by Code Section 409A.
6