Bolicyjtatement. The grant of Performance Units is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, Walmart reserves the absolute right
to amend it and discontinue the award at any time without any liability.
Walmart, with registered ofﬁces at 702 Southwest 8th Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716, U.S.A., is solely responsible for the
administration of the Plan, and participation in the Plan and the Performance Units does not, in any way, establish an employment
relationship between you and Walmart or any Affiliate since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis.
BlanDocumentAcknowledgment,. By accepting the Performance Units, you acknowledge that you have received copies of the Plan,
have reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the
Agreement.
In addition, by accepting the Agreement, you acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and
conditions set forth in Paragraph 13 of the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in
the Plan does not constitute an acquired right, (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by Walmart on a wholly
discretionary basis; (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) Walmart and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease
in the value of any Shares (or the cash equivalent) underlying the Performance Units under the Plan.
Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against Walmart for any compensation or
damages as a result of your participation in the Plan and therefore grant a full and broad release to Walmart and any Affiliate with
respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan.
Spanish Translation
SilLdQKQQZ’LOianQQm‘lZeIlSac:liél’LOJLQCI[QMQQZQHESQQLQQMQQZZSaniél’L,ESlaS disposiciones complementan el Parrafo 13 del C ontrato:
Modiﬁcacién,. Al aceptar las Performance Units (“Unidades”), usted entiende y acuerda que cualquier modificacion al Plan 0 al
Contrato o su terminacion no constituira un cambio o perjuicio a los te'rminos y condiciones de empleo.
Declaracion de Polz'tica . El otorgamiento de Unidades que Walmart esta hacienda de conformia’ad con el Plan es unilateral y
discrecional y, por lo tanto, Walmart se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y discontinuar el mismo en cualquier momento,
sin responsabilidad alguna.
Walmart, con oficinas registraa’as ubicaa’as en 720 Southwest 8th Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716, EE.UU. es anicamente
responsable de la administracio’n del Plan y la participacio’n en el Plan y la adquisicio’n de Unidades no establece, deforma alguna,
una relacio’n de trabajo entre usted y Walmart 0 alguna compaﬁz’a aﬁliada, ya que usted participa en el Plan de una forma
totalmente comercial.
7