delivered to the Recipient upon, or as soon as practicable after, the lapse of the Restrictions on a Share of Restricted Stock. Shares
awarded under Section 7.1 shall be delivered immediately upon issuance of any such Plan Award. During the period of Restriction
applicable to Restricted Stock, the Recipient shall not have the right to sell, transfer, assign, convey, pledge, hypothecate, grant any
security interest in or mortgage on, or otherwise dispose of or encumber the Restricted Stock or any interest therein. As a result of
the retention of rights in the Restricted Stock by Walmart, except as required by any law, neither any Shares of the Restricted Stock
nor any interest therein shall be subject in any manner to any forced or involuntary sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, hedge,
hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition or to any charge, liability, debt, or obligation of the Recipient, whether as the
direct or indirect result of any action of the Recipient or any action taken in any proceeding, including any proceeding under any
bankruptcy or other creditors’ rights law. Any action attempting to effect any transaction of that type shall be void.
7.5 Forfeiture. Unless expressly provided for in the Plan Award, any Restricted Stock held by the Recipient at the time the
Recipient ceases to be an Associate or Non-Management Director for any reason shall be forfeited by the Recipient to Walmart and
automatically re-conveyed to Walmart.
7.6 Withholding. The Committee may withhold in accordance with Section 11.10 any amounts necessary to collect any
withholding taxes upon any taxable event relating to a Plan Award or the exercise or settlement thereof.
7.7 Evidence of Share Ownership. The Restricted Stock will be book-entry Shares held for the benefit of the Recipient with stop
transfer instructions on Walmart’s stop transfer records until the Restrictions lapse, at which time Walmart will remove stop transfer
instructions from the Shares on its stock transfer records.
7.8 Deferral of Shares or Restricted Stock. At the time of grant of Shares or Restricted Stock (or at such earlier or later time as
the Committee determines to be appropriate in light of the provisions of Code Section 409A) the Committee may permit a Recipient
of a Plan Award of Shares or a Plan Award of Restricted Stock to defer his or her Stock or Restricted Stock in accordance with rules
and procedures established by the Committee. Alternatively, the Committee may, in its discretion and at the times provided above,
permit an individual who would have been a Recipient of a Plan Award of Shares or a Plan Award of Restricted Stock to elect
instead to receive an equivalent Plan Award of Restricted Stock Units to be settled in Shares and may permit the Recipient to elect to
defer receipt of Shares under such Plan Award of Restricted Stock Units in accordance with Section 8.7.
RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS
8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock Units. Walmart may grant Restricted Stock Units to those Associates and Non-Management
Directors as the Committee may select in its sole discretion. Each Plan Award of Restricted Stock Units shall have those terms and
conditions that are expressly set forth in, or are required by, the Plan and the Notice of Plan Award, as the Committee may determine
in its discretion. The Restrictions imposed shall take into account potential tax treatment under Code Section 409A.
8.2 Beneﬁcial Ownership. Until the Restricted Stock Unit is released from Restrictions and settled in Shares or cash, the
Recipient shall not have any beneficial ownership in any Shares