Exhibit 10(0)
lName of Grantee:
IGrant Date: I I
Number of Performance Units at Target
Performance:
Dollar Value Used at Grant Date to
Calculate Number of Performance Units at
Target Performance
IVesting Date: | [January 1, [Year]] or [January 31, [Year]] |
IWalmart Identification Number: I I
WAL-MART STORES, INC.
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN OF 2015
SHARE-SETTLED PERFORMANCE UNIT NOTIFICATION
AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
These Share-Settled Performance Unit Notification and Terms and Conditions, including any applicable special terms and conditions
for your specific country set forth in the appendix attached hereto (jointly, the “Agreement”), contain the terms and conditions of the
Performance Units granted to you by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”), a Delaware corporation, under the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Stock Incentive Plan of 2015 (the “Plan”).
All the terms and conditions of the Plan are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. All capitalized terms used but not deﬁned
in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan.
By signing or electronically accepting this Agreement, you hereby acknowledge, UNDERSTAND, agree to, and accept the
following:
1. . GrantTQfIBeerrmancenUnits,. Walmart has granted to you, effective on the Grant Date, the Performance Units, which
conSISt of the right to receive a number of Shares underlying t e Performance Units set forth above (as further determined 1n
Paragraph 5 belovg, subject to certain vesting conditions during the Performance Period. .For purposes of this Agreement, the
Performance Perlo Willmean the perlod begmnmg on February 1 of the calendar year 1n which the Grant Date falls, and ending on
the Vestmg Date as spe01f1ed 1n the table at t e top of th1s Agreement.
2. Plan Governs . The Performance Units and this Agreement are subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. You are
accepting the Performance Units, acknowledging receipt of a copy of the Plan. and the prospectus covering. the Plan, and
acknowledglng that the Performance Units and your partlcipatlon 1n the Plan are SUbIJCCt to. all the terms and conditlons of the Plan
and of thls Agreement. You further agree to accept as b1nd1ng, concluswe and ﬁnal al de0131ons and
interpretations by the Committee upon any disputes or questions arising under the Plan, including whether, and the extent to which,
the Performance Measures and Performance Goals referred to in Paragraph 5 have been satisfied.
1