PART III
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Information required by this item with respect to the Company's directors, certain family relationships, and compliance by the Company's directors, executive
ofﬁcers and certain beneﬁcial owners of the Company's common stock with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is incorporated by
reference to such information under the captions entitled "Corporate Governance — Proposal No. 1 — Election of Directors" and "Stock Ownership — Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in our Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 3, 2016 (our "Proxy
Statement").
Please see the information concerning our executive ofﬁcers contained in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the caption "Executive Ofﬁcers of the
Registrant," which is included there in accordance with Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of the SEC's Regulation S-K.
No material changes have been made to the procedures by which shareholders of the Company may recommend nominees to our board of directors since those
procedures were disclosed in our proxy statement relating to our 2015 Annual Shareholders' Meeting as previously ﬁled with the SEC.
The information regarding our Audit Committee, including our audit committee financial experts and our Codes of Ethics for the CEO and Senior Financial
Ofﬁcers and our Statement of Ethics applicable to all of our associates, including our Chief Executive Ofﬁcer, Chief Financial Ofﬁcer and our Controller, who is
our principal accounting officer, required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions "Corporate Governance — Board
Committees" and "Audit Matters — Audit Committee Financial Experts" included in our Proxy Statement. "Item 1. Business" above contains information relating to
the availability of a copy of our Code of Ethics for our CEO and Senior Financial Ofﬁcers and our Statement of Ethics and the posting of amendments to and any
waivers of the Code of Ethics for our CEO and Senior Financial Officers and our Statement of Ethics on our website.
II EM,1,1.. EXECUTIXEGCOMBENSATION
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to all information under the captions "Corporate Governance — Director Compensation,"
"Executive Compensation" and under the sub-captions "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Compensation Committee Report"
that appear under the caption "Executive Compensation" included in our Proxy Statement.
II EM,12.. SECURITXEQWN, ERSHIPEOFECERIAINBENEEICIALDWNERSANQMANA GEMENT,AND,RELATED,ST,O,CKH OLDER
MATTERS
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to all information under the sub-captions "Holdings of Major Shareholders" and
"Holdings of Officers and Directors" that appear under the caption "Stock Ownership" and all information that appears under the caption "Executive Compensation
— Equity Compensation Plan Information" included in our Proxy Statement.
IIEMJ 3,. C ERIAINRELAI IONSHIBSANDIRELAI EDETRANSACIIONS.,ANDIDIRECTORJNDEPENDENCE
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to all information under the caption "Corporate Governance — Related Person
Transactions" and under the caption "Corporate Governance — Director Independence" included in our Proxy Statement.
IIEMJA. BRINCIBALACCQUNI INGJEEESANDISERYIC ES
The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to all information under the caption "Audit Matters — Audit Committee Pre-Approval
Policy" and under the caption "Audit Matters — Proposal No. 4 — Ratiﬁcation of Independent Accountants" included in our Proxy Statement.
32