day period commencing on the first January 31 following the Participant’s Separation from Service; provided,
however, that if such January 31 is earlier than the Participant’s Separation Pay Date, the first such installment
shall be made within the 90-day period commencing on the Participant’s Separation Pay Date. Subsequent
installments shall be made within the 90-day period commencing on each successive January 31, until the
Participant’s benefits under such Account are distributed in full.
(2) The Plan benefits will be paid in equal annual installments in an amount which would fully amortize a loan
equal to the lump sum value of the Participant’s Retirement Account determined in accordance with Section
5.2(b)(2) (using as the distribution date the date of the first installment) over the installment period, with
interest calculated at the per annum rate in effect for the Plan Year in which the Participant’s Separation from
Service occurs.
5.3 Death Beneﬁts.
(a) General. In the event of the Participant’s death before incurring a Separation from Service or before commencement
of benefits, the Participant’s Account will be distributed in one of the forms provided in Section 5.3(b) or 5.3(c)
below in accordance with the Participant’s distribution election given effect under the provisions of Section 5.4
below.
A Participant may elect only one form of payment under the Plan for all beneﬁciaries (at any level). If the Participant
fails to make an effective election as provided in Section 5.4 below, the Participant will be deemed to have elected
distribution in a lump sum under Section 5.3(b) for all beneficiary levels.
(b) Lump Sum Distributions.
(1) Any lump sum to be paid under this Section 5.3(b) shall be paid within the 90-day period commencing on the
last day of the month in which the Participant’s death occurs.
(2) The lump sum amount will be the value of the Participant’s Account as of the last day of the month preceding
the date of distribution.
(c) Installment Distributions.
(1) If the Participant’s Account is to be distributed in the form of annual installments, the first such installment
shall be made within the 90-day period commencing on the first January 31 coincident with or next following
the Participant’s death. Subsequent installments will be made during the 90-day period commencing on each
successive January 31, until the Participant’s benefits are distributed in full.
16