Table of Contents
Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Overview
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart," the "Company" or "we") is engaged in retail and wholesale operations in various formats around the world. Through our
operations, we help people around the world save money and live better — anytime and anywhere — in retail stores or through our e-commerce and mobile
capabilities. Through innovation, we are striving to create a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates digital and physical shopping. Physical retail
encompasses our brick and mortar presence in each of the markets in which we operate. Digital retail is comprised of our e-commerce websites and mobile
commerce applications. Each week, we serve nearly 260 million customers who visit our over 11,500 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce
websites in 11 countries. Our strategy is to lead on price, invest to differentiate on access, be competitive on assortment and deliver a great experience. By leading
on price we earn the trust of our customers every day by providing a broad assortment of quality merchandise and services at everyday low prices ("EDLP"). EDLP
is our pricing philosophy under which we price items at a low price every day so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent promotional
activity. Price leadership is core to who we are. Everyday low cost ("EDLC") is our commitment to control expenses so those cost savings can be passed along to
our customers. Our digital and physical presence, which we are investing in to integrate, provides customers access to our broad assortment anytime and anywhere.
We strive to give our customers and members a great digital and physical shopping experience.
Our operations consist of three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club.
0 Walmart US. is our largest segment with three primary store formats, as well as digital retail. Of our three reportable segments, Walmart US. has
historically had the highest gross profit as a percentage of net sales (" gross profit rate"). In addition, it has historically contributed the greatest amount to
the Company's net sales and operating income.
0 Walmart International consists of our operations outside of the US. and includes retail, wholesale and other businesses. These businesses consist of
numerous formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, including Sam's Clubs, cash & carry, home improvement,
specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The overall gross profit rate for Walmart International is
lower than that of Walmart US. because of its merchandise mix. Walmart International is our second largest segment and has grown through acquisitions,
as well as by adding retail, wholesale and other units, and expanding digital retail.
° Sam's Club consists of membership-only warehouse clubs as well as digital retail. As a membership-only warehouse club, membership income is a
significant component of the segment's operating income. Sam's Club Operates with a lower gross profit rate and lower operating expenses as a percentage
of net sales than our other segments.
Each of our segments contributes to the Company's operating results differently, but each has generally maintained a consistent contribution rate to the Company's
net sales and operating income in recent years.
Our ﬁscal year ends on January 31 for our US. and Canadian operations. We consolidate all other operations generally using a one-month lag and on a calendar
year basis. Our business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as well as weather patterns. Historically, our
highest sales volume and operating income have occurred in the fiscal quarter ending January 31 .
This discussion, which presents our results for periods occurring in the fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 ("ﬁscal 2016 "), January 31, 2015 ("fiscal 2015 ") and
January 31, 2014 ("ﬁscal 2014 ") should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. We intend for this
discussion to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our financial statements, the changes in certain key items in those financial
statements from period to period and the primary factors that accounted for those changes. We also discuss certain performance metrics that management uses to
assess the Company's performance. Additionally, the discussion provides information about the financial results of the three segments of our business to provide a
better understanding of how each of those segments and its results of operations affect the ﬁnancial condition and results of operations of the Company as a whole.
Throughout this Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we discuss segment operating income, comparable store
and club sales and other measures. Management measures the results of the Company's segments using each segment's operating income, including certain
corporate overhead allocations, as well as other measures. From time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including certain
corporate overhead allocations, and other measures as determined by the information regularly reviewed by our chief operating decision maker. When we do so,
the previous period amounts and balances are reclassified to conform to the current period's presentation.
Comparable store and club sales is a metric that indicates the performance of our existing U.S. stores and clubs by measuring the change in sales for such stores
and clubs, including e-commerce sales, for a particular period from the corresponding period in the previous year. Walmart's definition of comparable store and
club sales includes sales from stores and clubs open for the previous 12 months, including remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions, as well as e-
commerce sales. We measure the e-commerce sales impact by including those sales initiated through our websites and our mobile commerce applications and
fulﬁlled through our e-commerce distribution facilities, as well as an estimate for sales initiated online and on our mobile commerce applications, but fulﬁlled
through our stores and clubs. Sales of a store that has changed in format are excluded from
3