Agreement, you authorize and direct Walmart, and any broker or other third party designated by Walmart to sell on your behalf a
whole number of Shares corresponding to the vested Restricted Stock that Walmart or the Employer determines to be appropriate to
generate cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. However, Walmart may also require you to satisfy
the Tax-Related Items by any other method of withholding it authorizes, in its sole discretion, including through withholding from
your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by Walmart or any Affiliate.
D. Depending on the withholding method, Walmart or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by considering applicable minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum applicable
rates. Further, if t e obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have
been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stoc , notwrthstanding that a number of the Shares are
withheld solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. If as a result of withholding whole Shares, an excess amount of tax
is Withheld, such excess tax wrll _e reported andpaid to the applicable tax authorities or regulatory body. In the event that any
excess amounts are Withheld to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Re ated Items, you may be entitled to receive a refund of any over-
withheld amount in the form of cash and will have no entitlement to the Share equivalent.
E. Finally, you agree to pay to Walmart or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that walmart or the
Employer may be required to Withhold or account for as a result of your plartimpation 1n the Plan that cannot be satisfied by the
means prev1ously described. Walmart may refuse to deliver the Shares or t e proceeds of the sale of Shares, if you fail to comply
with your obligations in connection with the Tax-Related Items.
F. By accepting this Agreement, you agree not to make a Code Section 83(b) election with respect to this award of
Restricted Stock.
11. Restricted Stock Not Transferable . The Restricted Stock may not be sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred, pledged or
otherwise disposed of or encumbered at any time prior to vesting of the Restricted Stock and the issuance of the underlying Shares.
Any attempted action in violation of this Paragraph 11 shall be null, void, and without effect.
12. C,o,unt1:y;S,p,e,cific,App,endix,. Notwithstanding any provision in these Restricted Stock Award Notification of Award and
Terms and Conditions of Award to the contrary, the grant of Restricted Stock also shall be subject to any special terms and
conditions as set forth in any appendix attached hereto (the “Appendix”) with respect to certain laws, rules, and regulations specific
to your country. Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and conditions for such
country will apply to you, to the extent Walmart determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or
advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix is incorporated by reference into these Restricted Stock Award
Notification of Award and Terms and Conditions of Award and, together, these documents constitute this Agreement.
13. Nature,of,Blan,Award. You further acknowledge, understand and agree that:
5