. . Voluntary Contributions, whether made in cash or shares of Stock, shall be remitted to the Account
Admlnlstrator 1rectly by the Partlcrpant.
(c) As soon as practicable following a grant of an Award Contribution (for purposes of the “Great Job”
component of the Award Program, a “grant” shall refer to the date on Wthh the Assoc1ate tenders hIS or her four Great Job buttons
to the_ Company in exchange for a share of Stock), an Award Contribution shall be made in the Committee’s sole discretion as
described 1n Sectlon 3.6 o the Plan.
(d) . . Prior to the time a Participant’s Payroll Deduction and corresponding Matching Contribution is distributed
to the Account AdmlnIStrator, such amounts are cons1dered general assets of the Company or Part1c1pat1ng Employer (as applicable)
and, as such, are subject to the claims of the Company’s or Participating Employer’s (as applicable) creditors in the event of .
1nsolvency or bankruptcy. In add1tlon, no interest shall be pa1d on such amounts and all Partlclpants assume the I'lSk of ﬂuctuatlons
in the value or market price of Stock.
IV. ACCOUNT PURCHASES, MAINTENANCE & SALES
4.1. AccountEstablishment. The Account Administrator shall establish an Account in accordance with the Plan for any Associate
who becomes a Participant. Upon the Committee’s (or its delegate’s) request, the Account Administrator shall establish an Account
for an Associate who is to be awarded shares under an Award Program and who is not then a Participant.
4.2. Share Purchases . No later than five business days after the Account Administrator receives the remittance of funds for
Contributions (including Voluntary Contributions made in cash) made to the Plan, the Account Administrator shall purchase shares
of Stock from the Company, a national stock exchange or in a combination of the foregoing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Committee may from time to time provide instructions to the Account Administrator with respect to the purchase of such shares of
Stock but, absent such instructions, the Account Administrator shall determine the source of such Stock purchases in its discretion.
(a) In the case of purchases from the Company of authorized but unissued or treasury shares of Stock, the
price of such shares is equal to the Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) as reported on the New York Stock Exchange -
Compos1te Transactlons on the relevant date of purchase; provrded, however, thatt e Committee may, 1n 1ts d1scretlon, deSIgnate
some other methodology for determining the fan market value of such shares of Stock purchased from the Company.
(b) The Account Administrator’s purchase of shares of Stock from a national stock exchange and the price per
share shall be in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee from time to time.
(c) .As determined in the discretion of the Account Administrator (in accordance with any applicable rules and
procedures of the Commlttee), funds received as Voluntary Contributions may be bundled 1nto a group for the purpose of purchasmg
shares of Stock and such shares may be purchased over a time period that is greater than one day. If such shares 0 Stock are
purchased as part of a bundled group, a Participant’s purchase price for each
5