or applicable period thereafter, or theft, the commission of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude, gross misconduct or similar
serious offenses while providing services to Walmart or an Affiliate.
2.13 “Incentive Stock Option” means an Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Code
Section 422.
2.14 “Non-Management Director” means a member of the Board who is not employed by Walmart or a consolidated subsidiary
of Walmart.
2.15 “Nonqualified Option” means an Option not intended to be treated as an Incentive Stock Option or that in fact does not
qualify as an Incentive Stock Option.
2.16 “Notice of Plan Award” means the agreement or other document evidencing and governing any Plan Award.
2.17 “NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange or any successor organization thereto.
2.18 “Option” means a stock option to acquire a certain number of the Subject Shares granted pursuant to the Plan.
2.19 “Parent/Subsidiary Corporation” means a “parent corporation” (within the meaning of Code Section 424(e)) or a
“subsidiary corporation” (within the meaning of Code Section 424(f)) of Walmart, in each case determined as of the date of grant.
2.20 “Performance Goals” means the pre-established objective performance goals established by the Committee for each
Performance Period. The Performance Goals may be based upon the performance of Walmart, of any Affiliate, or a division or unit
thereof, or of an individual Recipient, or groups of Recipients, or of a store or groups of stores, using one or more of the
Performance Measures selected by the Committee. Separate Performance Goals may be established by the Committee for Walmart
or any Affiliate, or division or unit thereof, or an individual Recipient, or groups of Recipients, or of a store or groups of stores,
using one or more of the Performance Measures selected by the Committee and different Performance Measures may be given
different weights. The Performance Goals shall include one or more threshold Performance Goals under which no portion of the Plan
Award shall become vested, be transferred, retained, or the value of which is to be paid as provided by the Plan and Notice of Plan
Award, if the threshold goal or goals are not achieved. With respect to Recipients who are not Covered Employees, the Committee
may establish other subjective or objective goals, including individual Performance Goals, which it deems appropriate. The
preceding sentence shall also apply to Covered Employees with respect to any Plan Awards not intended at the time of grant to be
Qualified Performance Based Awards.
Performance Goals may be set at a specific level, or may be expressed as a relative percentage to the comparable measure at
comparison companies, business units, divisions or individuals or a defined index. Performance Goals shall, to the extent applicable,
be based upon generally accepted accounting principles, but shall be adjusted by the Committee to take into account the effect of the
following, to the extent determined by the Committee prior to the grant: changes in applicable accounting standards after the
Performance Goal is established; realized investment gains and/or losses, extraordinary, unusual, non-recurring or infrequent items,
currency ﬂuctuations; acquisitions; divestitures, litigation losses; financing activities, expenses for restructuring or productivity
initiatives, other non-operating items, new laws, cases or regulatory developments that result in unanticipated items of gain, loss,
income or expense; executive severance arrangements; investment returns relating to investment vehicles which are