Each of the events described in Paragraphs 6A and 6B above shall be referred to as a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of this
Agreement. Furthermore, if applicable, you shall be advised if the Committee has determined that your acceptance of this Plan
Award is further conditioned upon your execution and delivery to Walmart of a Post Termination Agreement and Covenant Not to
Compete, in a form to be provided to you by Walmart. If applicable, the failure to execute and deliver such Post Termination
Agreement and Covenant Not to Compete shall also be deemed a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of this Agreement. Upon the
occurrence of a Forfeiture Condition, you shall have no further rights with respect to such Restricted Stock (including any cash
dividends and non-cash proceeds related to the Restricted Stock for which the record date occurs on or after the date of the
forfeiture) or the underlying Shares.
7. Administrative Suspension . If you are subject to an administrative suspension, vesting of your Restricted Stock may be
suspended as of the date you are placed on administrative suspension. If you are not reinstated as an Associate in good standing at
the end of the administrative suspension period, your Restricted Stock may be immediately forfeited and you shall have no further
rights with respect to such Restricted Stock (including any cash dividends and non-cash proceeds related to the Restricted Stock for
which the record date occurs on or after the date of the forfeiture) or the underlying Shares. If you are reinstated as an Associate in
good standing at the end of the administrative suspension period, then the vesting of your Restriced Stock will resume as provided in
Paragraph 5, and any Restricted Stock that would have vested while you were on administrative suspension will vest and the number
of Shares corresponding to the vested Restricted Stock will be delivered to you as soon as administratively feasible, but in any event
within 74 days of the end of the administrative suspension period which shall be considered the Vesting Date for purposes of this
Paragraph 7.
8. Acceleratedjlesting;Xestingﬂotwithstanding,Termination,of,C,ontinuous,Status,by,Death,or,Disability; . Your Restricted Stock
will vest earlier than described in Paragraph 5.A above, and such earlier vesting date shall also be considered a Vesting Date, under
the following circumstances:
A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your Disability, your Restricted Stock that would have become vested
on a Vesting Date no more than 90 days after your Continuous Status is so terminated will become vested on the date your
Continuous Status is so terminated..‘fDisability” for the purpose .of this. Agreement means, unless provided otherwise by a policy of
Walmart, a phySical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder that constitutes total disability under
applicable laws and regulations, for which disability benefits have actually been approved; or
B. If your Continuous Status is terminated by reason of your death on or after ten years of service or on or after the third
anniversary of the Grant Date, then your unvested Restricted Stock shall immediately become fully vested.
For purposes of this Paragraph 8, your Continuous Status will be considered terminated on the date of death or the date on
which your employment or other service relationship has been legally terminated by reason of Disability. It is your responsibility to
notify the Walmart Global Equity team in the event you terminate due to Disability.
3