Table of Contents
Cost of Sales
Cost of sales includes actual product cost, the cost of tranSportation to the Company's distribution facilities, stores and clubs from suppliers, the cost of
transportation from the Company's distribution facilities to the stores, clubs and customers and the cost of warehousing for the Sam's Club segment and import
distribution centers. Cost of sales is reduced by supplier payments that are not a reimbursement of specific, incremental and identiﬁable costs.
Payments from Suppliers
The Company receives consideration from suppliers for various programs, primarily volume incentives, warehouse allowances and reimbursements for speciﬁc
programs such as markdowns, margin protection, advertising and supplier-specific ﬁxtures. Payments from suppliers are accounted for as a reduction of cost of
sales and are recognized in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income when the related inventory is sold, except when the payment is a reimbursement of
specific, incremental and identifiable costs.
Operating, Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
Operating, selling, general and administrative expenses include all operating costs of the Company, except cost of sales, as described above. As a result, the
majority of the cost of warehousing and occupancy for the Walmart US. and Walmart International segments' distribution facilities is included in operating,
selling, general and administrative expenses. Because the Company does not include most of the cost of its Walmart US. and Walmart International segments'
distribution facilities in cost of sales, its gross proﬁt and gross proﬁt as a percentage of net sales may not be comparable to those of other retailers that may include
all costs related to their distribution facilities in cost of sales and in the calculation of gross profit.
Advertising Costs
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred, consist primarily of print, television and digital advertisements and are recorded in operating, selling, general and
administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Reimbursements from suppliers that are for speciﬁc, incremental and identiﬁable
advertising costs are recognized as a reduction of advertising costs in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses. Advertising costs were $2.5 billion
for ﬁscal 2016 and $2.4 billion for both ﬁscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 .
Pre-Opening Costs
The cost of start-up activities, including organization costs, related to new store openings, store remodels, relocations, expansions and conversions are expensed as
incurred and included in operating, selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Pre-opening costs totaled
$271 million , $317 million and $338 million for fiscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively.
Currency Translation
The assets and liabilities of all international subsidiaries are translated from the respective local currency to the US. dollar using exchange rates at the balance
sheet date. Related translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). The income statements of all
international subsidiaries are translated from the respective local currencies to the US. dollar using average exchange rates for the period covered by the income
statements.
Reclassifications
Certain reclassifications have been made to previous fiscal year amounts and balances to conform to the presentation in the current fiscal year. These
reclassiﬁcations did not impact consolidated operating income or net income.
Recent Accounting Pronouncements
In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("F ASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with
Customers (Topic 606). This ASU is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods
or services to a customer at an amount that reﬂects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015, FASB issued
ASU 2015-14, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Deferral of the Effective Date , which deferred the effective date of ASU 2014-09 to reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company will adopt this
ASU on February 1, 2018. Companies may use either a full retrospective or a modiﬁed retrospective approach to adopt this ASU. Management is currently
evaluating this standard, including which transition approach to use, and does not expect this ASU to materially impact the Company's consolidated net income,
ﬁnancial position or cash ﬂows.
In April 2015, F ASB issued ASU 2015-03, Interest-Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835 -3 0) : Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Cost . FASB issued
ASU 2015-03 to simplify the presentation of debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability to present the debt issuance costs as a direct deduction from
the carrying value of the debt liability rather than showing
35