Walmart in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be
located in your country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country (e. g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws
and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential
recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize Walmart, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner
& Smith and any other possible reczpients which may assist Walmart (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering
and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of Data as may be
required to Walmart’s designated broker or other third party. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to
implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you
may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary
amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human
resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do
not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Status and career with the Employer will not be adversely
affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that Walmart would not be able to grant RSUs or other
Plan Awards to you or administer or maintain such Plan Awards. Therefore, you understand that refusing or withdrawing your
consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences of your refusal to consent or
withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources representative.
16. cher,Pro,vis,ions,.
A. Determinations regarding this Agreement (including, but not limited to, whether an event has occurred resulting in
the forfeiture of or accelerated vesting of the Restricted Stock) shall be made by the Committee in its sole and exclus1ve discretion
and in accordance With this Agreement and the Plan, and all determinations of the Committee shall be ﬁnal and conclus1ve and
binding on you and your successors and heirs. . . . _ . .
B._ Walmart reserves the right to amend, abandon or terminate the Plan, including this Agreement, at any time subject
to Committeeapproval. Nothing in the Plan should be construed as to create any expectations that the Plan Will be in force and effect
for an indefinite period of time nor shall give rise to any claims to acquired rights or Similar legal theories.
C. The Committee will administer the Plan. .The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and
may be made by the Committee selectively among rec1p1ents and eligible Assomates, whether or not such persons are Similarly
Situated.
D. By accepting this Agreement, you agree to provide any information reasonably requested from time to time.
. . E. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conﬂict of law
prov1510ns.
8