C. The Committee will administer the Plan. The committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and
may be made by the Committee selectively among rec1pients and eligible Associates, whether or not such persons are
Similarly Situated.
D. Walmart reserves the right to amend any applicable Performance Measures (including any weightings thereof)
and/or Performance Goals for any Plan Award under this Agreement. In such a. case, any amendments will be communicated
to you in writing (which may include a communication transmitted by electronic means, such as an e-mail communication or
a communication posted online for your reView).
B. By accepting this Agreement, you agree to provide any information reasonably requested from time to time.
F. r r This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conﬂict of law
pI‘OVISlOIlS.
G. _ The provisions .of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or
otherw1se unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining prov1s10ns shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
H. If you receive this Agreement or any other documents related to your Plan Award or the Plan translated into a
language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated vers10n is different than the English versmn, the English
language vers10n of such document Wlll control.
I. Walmart may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation
in the Plan. by electronic means. You. hereby consent to receive such documents. by_ electronic delivery and agree to
part_1c1pate 1n the Plan through an on-lme or electronic system established and maintained by Walmart or a third party
deSignated by Walmart.
J. Walmart reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on your Plan Award and
the Shares underlying the Performance Units awarded pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent Walmart determines it is
necessary or adVisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require you to Sign any additional agreements or
undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foreg01ng.
K. You acknowleddge that a. waiver by Walmart or_an Afﬁliate of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall
not operate or be construe as a waiver of any other prov1s10ns of the Plan or this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by
you or any other Assoc1ate.
L. . You understand that your country may have insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect your ability
to acquire or sell Shares under the Plan during such times you are cons1dered to have “1ns1de information” (as defined in. the
laws in your country). The restrictions applicable und_er_these laws may be the same orrdifferent from Walmrart’s 1ns1der
trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your responSibility to be informed of and compliant With such regulations and any
applicable Walmart ins1der trading policy, and are adVised to speak to your personal legal adv1sor on this matter.
1 1