subject to the Restricted Stock Unit, nor shall the Recipient have the right to sell, transfer, assign, convey, pledge, hypothecate, grant
any security interest in or mortgage on, or otherwise dispose of or encumber any Restricted Stock Unit or any interest therein.
Except as required by any law, no Restricted Stock Unit nor any interest therein shall be subject in any manner to any forced or
involuntary sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, hedge, hypothecation, encumbrance, or other disposition or to any charge, liability,
debt, or obligation of the Recipient, whether as the direct or indirect result of any action of the Recipient or any action taken in any
proceeding, including any proceeding under any bankruptcy or other creditors’ rights law. Any action attempting to effect any
transaction of that type shall be void.
8.3 Settlement of Restricted Stock Units. Upon the lapse of the Restrictions, the Recipient of Restricted Stock Units shall,
except as noted below, be entitled to receive, as soon as administratively practical, (a) that number of Shares subject to the Plan
Award that are no longer subject to Restrictions, (b) in cash in an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the number of Shares
subject to the Plan Award that are no longer subject to Restrictions, or (c) any combination of cash and Shares, as the Committee
shall determine in its sole discretion and specify at the time the Plan Award is granted. Where in the judgment of the Committee, it is
in the interests of Walmart to do so, a grant of Restricted Stock Units may provide that Walmart or an Affiliate may purchase Shares
on the open market on behalf of a Recipient in accordance with Section 11.1 (“Open Market Shares”).
8.4 Forfeiture. Restricted Stock Units and the entitlement to Shares, cash, or any combination thereunder will be forfeited and all
rights of an Associate or Non-Management Director to such Restricted Stock Units and the Shares thereunder will terminate if the
applicable Restrictions are not satisfied.
8.5 Limitation of Rights. A Recipient of Restricted Stock Units is not entitled to any rights of a holder of the Shares (e. g. voting
rights and dividend rights), prior to the receipt of such Shares pursuant to the Plan. The Committee may, however, provide in the
Notice of Plan Award that the Recipient shall be entitled to receive dividend equivalent payments on Restricted Stock Units, on such
terms and conditions as the Notice of Plan Award shall specify.
8.6 Withholding. The Committee may withhold in accordance with Section 11.10 any amounts necessary to collect any
withholding taxes upon any taxable event relating to Restricted Stock Units.
8.7 Deferral of Restricted Stock Units . At the time of grant of Restricted Stock Units (or at such earlier or later time as the
Committee determines to be appropriate in light of the provisions of Code Section 409A) the Committee may permit the Recipient to
elect to defer receipt of the Shares or cash to be delivered upon lapse of the Restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock Units in
accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee. Such rules and procedures shall take into account potential tax
treatment under Code Section 409A, and may provide for payment in Shares or cash.
STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS
9.1 Grant. Walmart may grant Stock Appreciation Rights to those Associates and Non-Management Directors as the Committee
selects in its sole discretion, on any terms and conditions the Committee deems desirable. A Recipient granted a Stock Appreciation
Right will be entitled to receive payment as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award in an amount equal to (a) the excess of the Fair
Market Value of a Share on the date on which the Recipient properly