9. DeferraLofRestrictedIStock.
A. Mandatorynlleferrali. If Walmart reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares upon the vesting of Restricted
Stock in any year would, when considered with your other compensation, result in Walmart’s inability to deduct the value of such
Shares because of the limitation on deductible compensation under Code Section 162(m), then Walmart shall defer the delivery of
such Shares until the first year in which Walmart reasonably anticipates that the related deduction will not be limited under Section
162(m) (the “First Non-162(m) Year”) in accordance with the Deferral Procedures under the Plan and Code Section 409A. However,
if you have made an irrevocable election to defer such Shares to a date later than the First Non-162(m) Year, then Walmart shall not
deliver such Shares in the First Non-162(m) Year, but shall instead deliver your Shares in accordance with your irrevocable election
and the Deferral Procedures.
B. ElectivejleferraLofRestricte,d,Sto,ck,. If you are eligible to defer delivery of the Shares underlying your Restricted
Stock award to a future date in accordance with Section 7.8 of the Plan and rules and procedures relating thereto, you will be advised
as to when any such deferral election must be made and the rules and procedures applicable to such deferral election.
10. Iaxesandlaxﬂithholding,
A. You agree to consult with any tax advisors ou think necessary in connection with your Restricted Stock and
acknowledge that you are not relying, and will not rely, on Walmart or any Affiliate for any taX advice. Please see Paragraph 10.F
regarding Section 83(b) elections.
B. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by Walmart or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you
(the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, pension, payroll taX, fringe benefits tax, payment on
account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (“Tax-Related Items”), is and
remains your res onsibility and ma exceed the amount actually withheld by Walmart or the Employer. You further acknowledge
that Walmart andF/ior the Employer 82,1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in
connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted
Stock, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends; and (b) do not commit to
and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock to reduce or eliminate your
liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one
jurisdiction, you acknowledge that Walmart and/or the Employer (or your former employer, as applicable) may be required to
withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
C. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements
satisfactory to Walmart and the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize Walmart and/or the
Emplo er or their respective agents, at their sole discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related
Items by withholding of Shares to be issued upon settlement of the vested Restricted Stock. In the event that such withholding in
Shares 1s problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by your acceptance
of the Restricted Stock and this
4