8.2. LimitationcnRight,to,Amend,or,Terminate,. Any such amendment, modification, suspension or termination will not result in
the forfeiture of (1) any funds contributed but not yet invested in the Participant’s Account, (2) any shares (or fractional interests) of
Stock purchased on behalf of the Participant under the Plan, or (3) any dividends or other distributions in respect of such shares of
that are declared subsequent to a Participant’s Contribution but prior to the effective date of the amendment, modification,
suspension or termination of the Plan.
IX. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
9.1. Successors . All obligations of the Company under the Plan with respect to Contributions made hereunder shall be binding on
any successor to the Company, whether the existence of such successor is the result of a direct or indirect purchase, merger,
consolidation, or otherwise of all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company.
9.2. Sielerability: If any part of the Plan is declared by any court or governmental authority to be unlawful or invalid, such
unlawfulness or invalidity shall not invalidate any other part of the Plan. Any Section or part of a Section so declared to be unlawful
or invalid shall, if possible, be construed in a manner which will give effect to the terms of such Section or part of a Section to the
fullest extent possible while remaining lawful and valid.
9.3. Requirements of Law . The granting of awards, the making of Contributions, and the delivery of shares of Stock under the
Plan shall be subject to all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, and to such approvals by any governmental agencies or national
securities exchanges as may be required. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, Participants shall not be entitled to receive
benefits under the Plan, and the Company (and any Affiliate) shall not be obligated to deliver any shares of Stock or deliver benefits
to a Participant, if such delivery would constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company or any of its Affiliates of any
applicable law or regulation.
9.4. SecuritiesLawnCompliance,.
(a) If the Committee deems it necessary to comply with any applicable securities law, or the requirements of
any stock exchange upon which shares of Stock may be listed,.the Committee may impose any restriction on Contributions or shares
of Stock acquired pursuant to Contributions under t e Plan as it may deem advisable. All certificates for shares of Stock delivered
under the Plan pursuant to any Contribution shall be subject to such stolp transfer orders and other restrictions as the Committee may
deem advisable under the rules, regulations and other requirements of t e Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange
upon which shares of Stock are then listed, any applicab e securities law, and the Committee may cause a legend or legends to be put
on any such certificates to make ahppropriate reference to such restrictions. If so requested by the Company, the Participant shall
make a written representation tot e Company that he or she will not sell or offer to sell any shares of Stock unless a registration
statement shall be in effect With respect to such shares of Stock under the Securities Act 0 1993, as amended, and any applicable
state securities law or unless he or she shall have furnished to the Company, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, that
such registration is not required.
. . (b) _ If the Committee determines that the nonforfeitability of, or delivery of benefits pursuant to, any
Contribution would Violate any applicable prOViSion of securities laws or
12