Exhibit 31.1
I, C. Douglas McMillon , certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (the "registrant");
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the ﬁnancial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
ﬁnancial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying ofﬁcer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as deﬁned in
Exchange Act Rules 13a—15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as deﬁned in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have:
a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to
ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of ﬁnancial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report, based on such evaluations; and
d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting.
5. The registrant's other certifying ofﬁcer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the Audit Committee of registrant's Board of Directors:
a) all signiﬁcant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over ﬁnancial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report ﬁnancial information; and
b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a signiﬁcant role in the registrant's internal control
over ﬁnancial reporting.
Date: March 30, 2016 /s/ C. Douglas McMillon
C. Douglas McMillon
President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer