Competition. The Walmart U.S. segment competes with a variety of local, national and global chains in the supermarket, discount, grocery, department, dollar,
drug, variety and specialty stores, supercenter-type stores, hypermarkets, e-commerce and catalog businesses. We also compete with others for desirable sites for
new or relocated retail units.
Our ability to develop, open and operate units at the right locations and to deliver a customer-centric experience that seamlessly integrates digital and physical
shopping largely determines our competitive position within the retail industry. We employ many programs designed to meet competitive pressures within our
industry. These programs include the following:
- EDLP: our pricing philosophy under which we price items at a low price every day so our customers trust that our prices will not change under frequent
promotional activity;
- EDLC: everyday low cost is our commitment to control expenses so those cost savings can be passed along to our customers;
- Rollbacks: our commitment to continually pass cost savings on to the customer by lowering prices on selected goods;
° Savings Catcher, Save Even More and Ad Match: strategies to meet or be below a competitor's advertised price;
0 Walmart Pickup: customer places order online and picks it up for free from a store. The merchandise is fulfilled through our distribution facilities;
0 Pickup Today: customer places order online and picks it up at a store within four hours for free. The order is fulfilled through existing store inventory;
° Online Grocery: customer places grocery order online and has it delivered to home or picks it up at one of our participating stores or remote locations; and
0 Money Back Guarantee: our commitment to ensure the quality and freshness of the fruits and vegetables in our stores by offering our customers a 100
percent money-back guarantee if they are not satisﬁed.
We offer a broad assortment of merchandise that provides one-stop shopping, in-stock levels that give our customers confidence that we will have the products
they need and operating hours that allow customers to shop at their convenience. In addition, our retail website and mobile commerce applications are important
factors in our competition with other retailers, particularly e-commerce retailers.
Distribution. For fiscal 2016 , approximately 79% of the Walmart U.S. segment's purchases of merchandise were shipped through our 137 distribution facilities,
which are located strategically throughout the US. The remaining merchandise we purchased was shipped directly from suppliers. General merchandise and dry
grocery merchandise is tranSported primarily through the segment's private truck ﬂeet. However, we contract with common carriers to transport the majority of our
perishable grocery merchandise.
Walmart U.S. ships merchandise purchased by customers on its retail website and through its mobile commerce applications by a number of methods from
multiple locations including from its dedicated e-commerce fulfillment centers.
The following table provides further details of our distribution facilities, including return facilities and 13 e-commerce dedicated fulfillment centers, as of
January 31, 2016:
Owned and Third Party
Owned and Third Party Leased and Owned and
Operated _ Operated _ Operated _ Operated _ Total
’Walmart U.S. distribution facilities 102 2 10 23 137 ‘
Walmart International Segment
The Walmart International segment consists of operations in 27 countries outside of the US. and includes numerous formats divided into three major categories:
retail, wholesale and other. These categories consist of numerous formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, including Sam's
Clubs, cash & carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The segment's net sales
for ﬁscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , were $123.4 billion , $136.2 billion and $136.5 billion , respectively. During the most recent fiscal year, no single unit accounted
for as much as 1% of total Company net sales.
P;hysical.,0ur Walmart International segment is comprised of physical stores Operated by: our wholly-owned subsidiaries operating in Argentina, Brazil, Canada,
Chile, China, India, Japan and the United Kingdom; our majority-owned subsidiaries operating in Africa (which includes Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Lesotho,
Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, Nigeria, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda and Zambia), Central America (which includes Costa Rica, El Salvador,
Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua) and Mexico; and our joint ventures and other controlled subsidiaries in China.
Generally, retail units range in size from 4,000 square feet to 185,000 square feet. Our wholesale stores generally range in size from 35,000 square feet to 70,000
square feet. Other, which includes drugstores and convenience stores operating under various banners in Brazil, Chile, Japan, Mexico and the United Kingdom,
range in size up to 2,400 square feet. Also, on a limited basis, our Walmart International segment operates financial institutions that provide consumer credit.
9