Table of Contents
Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates
Management strives to report our financial results in a clear and understandable manner, although in some cases accounting and disclosure rules are complex and
require us to use technical terminology. In preparing the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements, we follow accounting principles generally accepted in the
US. These principles require us to make certain estimates and apply judgments that affect our financial position and results of operations as reﬂected in our
ﬁnancial statements. These judgments and estimates are based on past events and expectations of future outcomes. Actual results may differ from our estimates.
Management continually reviews our accounting policies, how they are applied and how they are reported and disclosed in our financial statements. Following is a
summary of our critical accounting estimates and how they are applied in preparation of the ﬁnancial statements.
Inventories
We value inventories at the lower of cost or market as determined primarily by the retail method of accounting, using the last-in, ﬁrst-out ("LIFO") method for
substantially all of the Walmart U.S. segment's inventories. The inventory at the Walmart International segment is valued primarily by the retail inventory method
of accounting, using the ﬁrst-in, first-out ("FIFO") method. The retail method of accounting results in inventory being valued at the lower of cost or market since
permanent markdowns are immediately recorded as a reduction of the retail value of inventory. The inventory at the Sam's Club segment is valued based on the
weighted-average cost using the LIFO method.
Under the retail method of accounting, inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to each
merchandise grouping's retail value. The FIFO cost-to-retail ratio is generally based on the ﬁscal year purchase activity. The cost-to-retail ratio for measuring any
LIFO provision is based on the initial margin of the ﬁscal year purchase activity less the impact of any permanent markdowns. The retail method of accounting
requires management to make certain judgments and estimates that may significantly impact the ending inventory valuation at cost, as well as the amount of gross
profit recognized. Judgments made include recording markdowns used to sell inventory and shrinkage. When management determines the ability to sell inventory
has diminished, markdowns for clearance activity and the related cost impact are recorded. Factors considered in the determination of markdowns include current
and anticipated demand, customer preferences and age of merchandise, as well as seasonal and fashion trends. Changes in weather and customer preferences could
cause material changes in the amount and timing of markdowns from year to year.
When necessary, we record a LIFO provision for the estimated annual effect of inﬂation, and these estimates are adjusted to actual results determined at year-end.
Our LIFO provision is calculated based on inventory levels, markup rates and internally generated retail price indices. At January 31, 2016 and 2015 , our
inventories valued at LIFO approximated those inventories as if they were valued at FIFO.
We provide for estimated inventory losses, or shrinkage, between physical inventory counts on the basis of a historical percentage of sales. Following annual
inventory counts, the provision is adjusted to reﬂect updated historical results.
Impairment of Assets
We evaluate long-lived assets other than goodwill and assets with indefinite lives for indicators of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Management's judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions
and operational performance, such as operating income and cash ﬂows. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identiﬁable cash
ﬂows, which is generally at the individual store level or, in certain markets, at the market group level. The variability of these factors depends on a number of
conditions, including uncertainty about future events and changes in demographics. Thus, our accounting estimates may change from period to period. These
factors could cause management to conclude that indicators of impairment exist and require impairment tests be performed, which could result in management
determining the value of long-lived assets is impaired, resulting in a write-down of the related long-lived assets.
Goodwill and other indeﬁnite-lived acquired intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the value of a certain asset may be impaired. Generally, this evaluation begins with a qualitative assessment to determine whether a
quantitative impairment test is necessary. If we determine, after performing an assessment based on the qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is
more likely than not less than the carrying amount, or that a fair value of the reporting unit substantially in excess of the carrying amount cannot be assured, then a
quantitative impairment test would be performed. The quantitative test for impairment requires management to make judgments relating to future cash ﬂows,
growth rates and economic and market conditions. These evaluations are based on determining the fair value of a reporting unit or asset using a valuation method
such as discounted cash ﬂow or a relative, market-based approach. Historically, our reporting units have generated sufficient returns to recover the cost of goodwill
and other indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets. Because of the nature of the factors used in these tests, if different conditions occur in future periods, future
operating results could be materially impacted.
2 1