Walmart shall defer the delivery of such Shares until the first year in which Walmart reasonably anticipates that the related
deduction will not be limited under Section 162(m) of the Code (the “First Non-162(m) Year”) in accordance with the
deferral procedures established pursuant to the Plan and Section 409A of the Code. However, if you have made an
irrevocable election to defer such Shares to a date later than the First Non-162(m) Year, then Walmart shall not deliver such
Shares in the First Non-162(m) Year, but shall instead deliver your Shares in accordance with your irrevocable election and
the deferral procedures established pursuant to the Plan and Section 409A of the Code.
B. . Elective,DeferraLofiRestrictediStocijnits,. If you are eligible to defer delivery of the Shares underlying your
Restricted Stock award to a future date in accordance wrth Section 8.7 of the Plan and rules and procedures relating t ereto,
you will be advised as to when any such deferral election must be made and the rules and procedures applicable to such
deferral election.
10. Taxesandlaxﬂithholding:.
A. You agree to consult with any taX advisors you think necessary in connection with your RSUS and acknowledge
that you are not relying, and Will not rely, on Walmart or any Affiliate for any tax adv1ce.
B. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action takenby Walmart or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you
(the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for all income taX, soc1al insurance, penSIOn, payroll tax, fringe benefits taX, payment
on account or other_taX-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (“Tax-Related
Items”) is and remains your respons1bility and may exceed t e amount actually withheld by Walmart or the Employer. You
further acknowledge that Walmart and/or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment
of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the RSUS, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or
settlement of the RSUS, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any d1v1dends;
and (b) .do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the RSUS or any aspect of the RSUS to reduce
or eliminate your liability for T_aX_-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-
Related Items in more than one Jurisdiction, you acknowledge that Walmart and/or the Employer (or your former employer,
as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
C. . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable,.you agree to make adequate arrangements
satisfactory to W_almart and the Employer to satisfy. all Tax-Related Items, In this regard, you authorize Walmart and/or the
Employer, or their respective agents, at their sole discretion, to satisfy their Withhol ing obligations With regard to all Tax-
Related Items by withholding of Shares to be issued upon settlement of the vested RSUs. In the event that such withholding
in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences, by your
acceptance of the RSUS and this Agreement, you authorize and direct Walmart, and any broker or other th1r party
designated by Walmart to sell on your behalf a whole
4