grant, vesting or settlement of the Performance Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and
the receipt of any dividends; and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Performance
Units or any aspect of the Performance Units to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any
particular tax result. Further, if you are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that
Walmart and/or the Employer (or your former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-
Related Items in more than one jurisdiction.
C. . Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable,.you agree to make adequate arrangements
satisfactory to Walmart and the Employer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize Walmart and/or the
Employer, or their rehslpective agents, at their sole discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-
Related Items. by w1t olding of Shares to be Issued upon settlement of the Vested Performance Un1ts. In the event that such
Withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting
consequences, by your acceptance of the Performance Units and this Agreement, you authorize and direct Walmart and any
broker or other third party desrgnated by Walmart to sell on your behalf a who e number of Shares corresponding to the
Vested Performance Un1ts that Walmart or the Employer determines to be appropriate to generate cash proceeds suff1c1ent to
satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. I-Iowever, Walmart may also require you to satisfy the Tax-Related Items by any
other method of withholding it authorizes, in its sole discretion, including through Withholding from your wages or other cash
compensation paid to you by Walmart or any Affiliate.
D. Depending on the withholding method, Walmart or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by considering applicable. minimum statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including maximum
applicable rates. Further, if the obligation for Tax-Relate Item‘s is satisfie y Withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you
are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the Vested Performance Un1ts, notw1thstand1ng that a
number of the Shares are withheld solelyhfor the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. If as a result of withholding. whole
Shares, an excess amount of tax 18 Wit eld, such excess tax W1 1 be reported and Ipaid. to the applicable tax authorities or
regulatory body. In the event that any excess amounts are Withheld to satisfy the ob igation for Tax-Related Items, you may
be entitled to receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in the form of cash and will have no entitlement to the Share
equivalent.
E. Finally, youagree to. pay to Walmart or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that Walmart or the
Employer may be required to Wit old or account for as a result of your part1c1pation in the Plan that cannot be satisfied by
the means previously described._Walmar_t may refuse to .issue or deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if
you fail to comply With your obligations in connection With the Tax-Related Items.
11. _ Performance Units Not Transferable . The Performance Units may not be sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred, pledged
or otheIWise disposed of or encumbered at any time prior to vesting of the Performance Units and the issuance of the underlying
Shares. Any attempted action in violation of this Paragraph 11 shall be null, void, and without effect.
7