° Grocery and consumables includes dairy, meat, bakery, deli, produce, dry, chilled or frozen packaged foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, ﬂoral,
snack foods, candy, other grocery items, health and beauty aids, paper goods, laundry and home care, baby care, pet supplies and other consumable items;
0 Fuel and other categories consists of gasoline stations, tobacco, tools and power equipment, and tire and battery centers;
0 Home and apparel includes home improvement, outdoor living, grills, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, housewares, toys, seasonal items, mattresses
and small appliances;
0 Technology, ofﬁce and entertainment includes electronics, wireless, software, video games, movies, books, music, office supplies, ofﬁce furniture, photo
processing and third-party gift cards; and
0 Health and wellness includes pharmacy, optical and hearing services and over-the-counter drugs.
The percentage of net sales for the Sam's Club segment, including online sales, by merchandise category, was as follows for fiscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 :
Fiscal Years Ended January 31,
MERCHANDISE CATEGORY _ 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
’Grocery and consumables 59% 57% 56% ‘
Fuel and other categories 20% 23% 23%
’Home and apparel 9% 8% 8% ‘
Technology, ofﬁce and entertainment 7% 7% 8%
’Health and wellness 5% 5% 5% ‘
Total 100% 100% 100%
Operations. Operating hours for Sam's Clubs are generally Monday through Friday from 10:00 am. to 8:30 pm, Saturday from 9:00 am. to 8:30 pm. and
Sunday from 10:00 am. to 6:00 pm. Additionally, all club locations offer Business Members and Plus Members the ability to shop before the regular operating
hours Monday through Saturday, starting at 7:00 am. A variety of payment methods are accepted at our clubs and online, including the Sam's Club "Cash Back"
MasterCard.
SeasonalAspectszoszperations.,The Sam's Club segment's business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays, as
well as different weather patterns. Historically, its highest sales volume and segment operating income have occurred in the ﬁscal quarter ending January 31.
,C,0,mp,e,tition.,Sam's Club competes with other membership-only warehouse clubs, the largest of which are Costco Wholesale and BJ's Wholesale Club, as well as
with discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers, general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, gasoline stations, e-commerce and catalog businesses. Sam's
Club also competes with other retailers and warehouse clubs for desirable new club sites. At Sam's Club, we provide value at members-only prices, a quality
merchandise assortment, and bulk sizing to serve both our Savings and Business members. Our strategy allows us to differentiate ourselves within the membership-
only warehouse club industry and the overall retail industry. Our e-commerce website and mobile commerce application have increasingly become important
factors in our ability to compete with other membership-only warehouse clubs.
Distribution. During ﬁscal 2016 , approximately 69% of the Sam's Club segment's non-fuel purchases were shipped from the Sam's Club segment's 24 dedicated
distribution facilities located strategically throughout the US, or from some of the Walmart U.S. segment's distribution facilities, which service the Sam's Club
segment for certain items. Suppliers shipped the balance of the Sam's Club segment's purchases directly to Sam's Club locations. The table below provides further
details of our dedicated distribution facilities, including one e-commerce dedicated fulfillment center and two dedicated import facilities, as of January 31, 2016 .
Owned and Third Party
Owned and Third Party Leased and Owned and
Operated _ Operated _ Operated _ Operated _ Total
[Sam's Club distribution facilities 3 3 2 16 24 l
The principal focus of Sam's Club's distribution operations is on cross-docking merchandise, while stored inventory is minimized. Cross-docking is a distribution
process under which shipments are directly transferred from inbound to outbound trailers. Shipments typically spend less than 24 hours in a cross-dock facility, and
sometimes less than an hour.
Sam's Club uses a combination of a private truck ﬂeet, as well as common carriers, to transport non-perishable merchandise from distribution facilities to clubs.
The segment contracts with common carriers to tranSport perishable grocery merchandise from distribution facilities to clubs.
Sam's Club ships merchandise purchased by members on its retail website and through its mobile commerce applications by a number of methods from its e-
commerce dedicated fulﬁllment center and other distribution centers.
13