biweekly pay period or $1.00 per weekly pay period, as applicable to the Participant, and such Payroll Deduction shall be in even
multiples of $.50.
. (b) A Participant’s request for Payroll Deduction (or a request for a revision thereto) will become effective as
soon as pract1cable after recerpt of such request by the Company or the Part1c1pat1ng Employer, as appllcable.
. _ (c) A Participant’s Payroll Deduction authorization may be revised or terminated at any time by the
Part1c1pant’s request to the Company or the Particlpatmg Employer, as applicable.
. _ (d) A Participant’sauthorization for Payroll Deduction shall remain effective until the earlier of the
Part1c1pant’s (1) request to rev1se or termlnate the Payroll Deductlon authorlzatlon or (2) termrnatlon of employment With the
Company or a Participating Employer, subject to Section 8 of the Plan.
_ (e) All requests to initiate, revise or terminate an authorization for Payroll Deduction as described in this
Section 3.4 shall be made in wrrtmg or in such other form acceptable to the Commlttee or 1ts delegate from time to time.
(f) The Vice President, Retirement Savings Plans, in his or her discretion, may prohibit associate stock
purchase deductlons from the ﬁnal paycheck of a Part1c1pant. Th1s Sectlon applles to the Part1c1pant’s fmal paycheck even 1f the
Participant made a valid deduction election applicable to prior paychecks.
3.5. MatchingContributions. The Company or Participating Employer, as applicable, shall make Matching Contributions as
provided under the Plan and subject to the limits set forth in Section 3.3.
3.6. Awardjlontributions. Award Contributions shall be made, in the Committee’s sole discretion, by either (1) the Company or
the Participating Employer, as applicable, remitting to the Account Administrator on behalf of the Participant funds sufficient to
purchase any shares or fractional shares of Stock that have been granted to such Participant under the Award Program or (2) the
Participant receiving the Award Contribution directly as a certificate for a share or shares (as applicable) of Stock.
3.7. BloluntarinoniributiQns,. Participants may make Voluntary Contributions to the Plan subject to the terms and limitations
described herein or that may be prescribed by the Committee from time to time.
3.8. Remittance of Contributions .
(a) The Company or a Participating Employer, as applicable, will forward the total of all Payroll Deductions
for the applicable payroll period along with the correstonding Matching Contributions, a list of Participants for whom the
Contrlbutlons are e1ng made and the amount allocab e to each such Part1c1pant’s Account to the Account Adm1n1strator as soon as
pract1cable.
4