IaxReportingInformation. By accepting the Performance Units, you agree to notify Walmart or your Employer, if different, of the
amount of income realized at vesting of the Performance Units. If you fail to advise Walmart or your Employer, if different, of the
income at vesting, you may be liable for a fine. You will be responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and
the amount withheld.
Notifications
Exchange Control Information . You should consult with your personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable exchange
control regulations in South Africa as such regulations are subject to frequent change. You are responsible for ensuring compliance
with all exchange control laws in South Africa.
UNITED KINGDOM
Terms and Conditions
Iaxes,and,Taxﬂithholding:. This section supplements Paragraph 10 of the T&C’s:
If payment or withholding of the income tax is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the income tax
liability arises or such other period specified in Section 222(l)(c) of the UK. Income Tax Act (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the
“Due Date”), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by you to Walmart or an Affiliate, effective on
the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs
(“HMRC”), it shall be immediately due and repayable, and Walmart or an Affiliate may recover it at any time thereafter by the
means referred to in Paragraph 10 of the T&C’s. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive ofﬁcer of Walmart
(within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the US. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you shall not be eligible for a
loan from Walmart or an Affiliate to cover the income tax. In the event that you are a director or an executive officer and the income
tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to you
on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You will be responsible for reporting and
paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing
Walmart or an Affiliate, as applicable, for the value of any national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit, which
Walmart or an Affiliate may recover from you at any time thereafter by the means referred to in Paragraph 10 of the T&C’s.
UNITEDiSTAIES
Military Leave . If you were on a military leave on the Grant Date, and you are on the same military leave on a Vesting Date, your
Continuous Status must be maintained for not less than six months after your return from the military leave before your Plan Award
shall vest. In such circumstances, for purposes of Paragraph 5, your “Vesting Date” shall be deemed to be the date that is six months
after your return from military leave, and the number of Shares corresponding to any vested RSUs will be delivered to you as soon
as administratively feasible but in any event within 74 days of vesting.
9