Notes to Exhibit Index:
1. The exhibits listed in this Exhibit Index and incorporated as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (the "Company") for
the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 by reference to an Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K
of the Company previously filed with the SEC by the Company are available for review online on the EDGAR system of the SEC at wwwsec. gov as
exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or Current Report on Form 8-K referred to above in the description of the
exhibit incorporated by reference. The historical filings of the Company may be reviewed and copied at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F
Street, NE Washington, DC 20549-2521 under Commission File No. 001-6991.
2. The Company and its subsidiaries have in the past issued, and may in the future issue from time to time, long-term debt instruments, but the aggregate
principal amount of the debt instruments of any one series of such debt instruments has not exceeded or will not exceed 10% of the assets of the Company
at any pertinent time. The Company has previously filed with the SEC its agreement to, and hereby agrees to, ﬁle copies of the agreements relating to
long-term debt instruments and the instruments representing or evidencing such long-term debt instruments with the SEC upon request. As a result, in
accordance with the provisions of paragraph (b)(4)(iii)(A) of Item 601 of Regulation S-K of the SEC, copies of such long-term debt instruments have not
been filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016. The Company has previously filed
the documents and instruments establishing the specific terms of long-term debt instruments offered and sold by the Company pursuant to its effective
registration statements filed with the SEC pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as exhibits to the applicable registration statement or as
exhibits to a Current Report on Form 8-K filed in connection with the applicable registration statement and the sale and issuance of those long-term debt
instruments.
40