Emergency, and the Committee or its delegate determines that the Participant’s Unforeseeable Emergency may be
relieved through the cessation of deferrals under the Plan, some or all the Participant’s deferral elections under
Sections 3.1, 3.2 and 3.3, if any, for such Plan Year as determined by the Committee or its delegate, shall be cancelled
as soon as administratively practicable following such determination by the Committee or its delegate.
ARTICLE IV.
ACCOUNTS AND TIMING OF CREDITS TO ACCOUNTS
4.1 Nature of Accounts.
Each Participant’s Account will be used solely as a measuring device to determine the amount to be paid a Participant under
this Plan. The Accounts do not constitute, nor will they be treated as, property or a trust fund of any kind. All amounts at any time
attributable to a Participant’s Account will be, and remain, the sole property of Walmart. A Participant’s rights hereunder are limited
to the right to receive Plan benefits as provided herein. The Plan represents an unsecured promise by Walmart to pay the benefits
provided by the Plan.
4.2 Deferral Credits and Employer Matching Contribution Credits.
Deferral Credits and Employer Matching Contribution Credits will be credited to each Participant’s Account as follows:
(a) Deferred Compensation will be credited to the Participant’s Deferral Account as soon as practicable after the date
such Compensation would have otherwise been paid in cash.
(b) Deferred MIP Bonuses and Deferred Special Bonuses will be credited to the Participant’s Deferral Account as soon
as practicable after the date the bonus could have otherwise been paid in cash.
(0) Employer Matching Contribution Credits for a Plan Year will be credited to the Participant’s Matching Account as of
the last day of the Plan Year.
A Participant’s Account, including earnings credited thereto, will be maintained by the Committee until the Participant’s Plan
benefits have been paid in full.
4.3 Valuation of Accounts.
Each Participant’s Account will be valued daily as of each Valuation Date.
4.4 Credited Earnings.
(a) Every Valuation Date during a Plan Year, a Participant’s Account will be credited with an equivalent of a daily rate
of simple interest based on the yield on United States Treasury securities (not indexed for inﬂation) with a constant
14