operations. As a result of such translations, ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us may also result in our
consolidated financial statements reﬂecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reﬂecting a period-over—period
improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such ﬂuctuations in the currency exchange rates. Such unfavorable currency
exchange rate ﬂuctuations will adversely affect the reported performance of our Walmart International operating segment and have a corresponding adverse effect
on our reported consolidated results of operations.
We may pay for products we purchase for sale in our stores and clubs around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the
goods will be sold. When we must acquire the currency to pay for such products and the exchange rates for the payment currency ﬂuctuate in a manner unfavorable
to us, our cost of sales may increase and we may be unable or unwilling to change the prices at which we sell those goods to address that increase in our costs, with
a corresponding adverse effect on our gross profit. Consequently, ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
Failure to meet market expectations for our ﬁnancial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
We believe that the price of our stock generally reﬂects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these
expectations, including our comparable store and club sales growth rates, e-commerce growth rates, gross margin, earnings and earnings per share or new store and
club openings could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase programs or policies.
$gulatory, Compliance, Reputational and Other Risks
Our operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions speciﬁc to
the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or ﬁnancial performance.
We are currently engaged in the operation of retail through our wholly-owned subsidiaries operating in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, India, Japan and
the United Kingdom; our majority-owned subsidiaries operating in Africa, Central America and Mexico; and our joint ventures and other controlled subsidiaries in
China in addition to our US. Operations. During fiscal 2016 , our Walmart International operations generated approximately 26% of our consolidated net sales. Our
divisions also source goods and services from other countries. The future expansion of our operations in countries outside the US. could result in our international
operations accounting for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Our future operating results in these countries or in other countries or regions throughout
the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, including political
instability, local and global economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, local product safety and environmental laws, tax regulations, local labor laws,
anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or
in the future.
In particular, Brazilian federal, state and local laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. Although the Company believes it complies with those laws,
the Company's subsidiaries in Brazil are party to a large number of labor claims and non-income tax assessments, which have arisen during the normal course of
business in Brazil. These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and if decided adversely to the Company, could materially adversely affect our financial
performance.
Moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inﬂation and currency devaluations,
which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. Other factors which may impact our international operations include foreign trade,
monetary and fiscal policies both of the US. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar
organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the US. Additional risks
inherent in our international operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences
and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the US. The various risks inherent in doing business in the US. generally also
exist when doing business outside of the US, and may be exaggerated by the difﬁculty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in
culture, laws and regulations.
In foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business
practices prohibited by US. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the laws and regulations of other countries such as
the UK Bribery Act. We maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place enhanced global anti-corruption compliance programs designed to
ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. Nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including
those based in or from countries where practices that violate such US. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will
engage in business practices that are prohibited by our
23