Table of Contents
Foreign Currency Risk
We are exposed to ﬂuctuations in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our net investments and operations in countries other than the US. For fiscal 2016 ,
movements in currency exchange rates and the related impact on the translation of the balance sheets of the Company's subsidiaries in Canada, the United
Kingdom, Japan, Mexico and Chile were the primary cause of the $4.7 billion net loss in the currency translation and other category of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss). We hedge a portion of our foreign currency risk by entering into currency swaps and designating certain foreign-currency-
denominated long-term debt as net investment hedges.
We hold currency swaps to hedge the currency exchange component of our net investments and also to hedge the currency exchange rate ﬂuctuation exposure
associated with the forecasted payments of principal and interest of non-US. denominated debt. The aggregate fair value of these swaps was in a liability position
of $290 million at January 31, 2016 and in a liability position of $1 10 million at January 31, 2015 . The change in the fair value of these swaps was due to
ﬂuctuations in currency exchange rates, primarily the strengthening of the US. dollar relative to other currencies in fiscal 2016 . A hypothetical 10% increase or
decrease in the currency exchange rates underlying these swaps from the market rate at January 31, 2016 would have resulted in a loss or gain in the value of the
swaps of $445 million . A hypothetical 10% change in interest rates underlying these swaps from the market rates in effect at January 31, 2016 would have resulted
in a loss or gain in value of the swaps of $14 million .
In addition to currency swaps, we have designated foreign—currency-denominated long-term debt as nonderivative hedges of net investments of certain of our
foreign operations. At January 31, 2016 and 2015 , we had £25 billion of outstanding long-term debt designated as a hedge of our net investment in the United
Kingdom. At January 31, 2016 , a hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the value of the US. dollar relative to the British pound would have resulted in a gain
or loss in the value of the debt of $324 million . In addition, we had outstanding long-term debt of ¥10 billion at January 31, 2016 and ¥100 billion at January 31,
2015 , that was designated as a hedge of our net investment in Japan. At January 31, 2016 , a hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in value of the US. dollar
relative to the Japanese yen would have resulted in a gain or loss in the value of the debt of $8 million .
In certain countries, we also enter into immaterial foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the purchase and payment of purchase commitments denominated in
non-functional currencies.
Other Matters
We discuss our existing F CPA investigation and related matters in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for ﬁscal 2016 , including certain risks arising therefrom, in
Part I, Item 1A of the Form 10-K under the caption "Risk F actors" and under the sub-caption "F CPA Investigation and Related Matters" in Note 10 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements, which is captioned "Contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein. We also discuss various legal proceedings related to the
F CPA investigation in Item 3 of the Form 10-K under the caption "Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings," under the sub-caption "11. Certain Other Proceedings." We
discuss the "equal value" claims against our United Kingdom subsidiary, ASDA Stores, Ltd., in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for ﬁscal 2016 , including certain
risks arising therefrom, in Part I, Item 1A of the Form 10-K under the caption "Risk F actors" and under the sub-caption "Legal Proceedings" in Note 10 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements, which is captioned "Contingencies," and appears elsewhere herein.
20