Table of Contents
the processing of these outstanding claim payments. On a regular basis, claims reserve valuations are provided by independent third-party actuaries to ensure
liability estimates are appr0priate. To limit exposure to some risks, the Company maintains insurance coverage with varying limits and retentions, including stop-
loss insurance coverage for workers' compensation, general liability and auto liability.
Income Taxes
Income taxes are accounted for under the balance sheet method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences
attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases ("temporary
differences"). Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rate is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.
Deferred tax assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized.
Many factors are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings,
expectations of future taxable income, carryforward periods, and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred tax assets is
evaluated by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating
earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income rely heavily on estimates.
In determining the provision for income taxes, an annual effective income tax rate is used based on annual income, permanent differences between book and tax
income, and statutory income tax rates. Discrete events such as audit settlements or changes in tax laws are recognized in the period in which they occur.
The Company records a liability for unrecognized tax benefits resulting from uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company
records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in interest expense and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, respectively, in
the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. Refer to Note 9 for additional income tax disclosures.
Revenue Recognition
Sales
The Company recognizes sales revenue, net of sales taxes and estimated sales returns, at the time it sells merchandise to the customer. Digital retail sales include
shipping revenue and are recorded upon delivery to the customer.
Membership Fee Revenue
The Company recognizes membership fee revenue both in the US. and internationally over the term of the membership, which is typically 12 months. The
following table summarizes membership fee activity for fiscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 :
Fiscal Years Ended January 31,
(Amounts in millions) 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
’Deferred membership fee revenue, beginning of year $ 759 $ 641 $ 575 ‘
Cash received from members 1,333 1,410 1,249
lMembership fee revenue recognized (1,348) (1,292) (1,183) ‘
Deferred membership fee revenue, end of year $ 744 $ 759 $ 641
Membership fee revenue is included in membership and other income in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. The deferred membership fee is
included in accrued liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Shopping Cards
Customer purchases of shopping cards are not recognized as revenue until the card is redeemed and the customer purchases merchandise using the shopping card.
Shopping cards in the US. do not carry an expiration date; therefore, customers and members can redeem their shopping cards for merchandise indefinitely.
Shopping cards in certain foreign countries where the Company does business may have expiration dates. A certain number of shopping cards, both with and
without expiration dates, will not be fully redeemed. Management estimates unredeemed shopping cards and recognizes revenue for these amounts over shopping
card historical usage periods based on historical redemption rates. Management periodically reviews and updates its estimates of usage periods and redemption
rates.
Financial and Other Services
The Company recognizes revenue from service transactions at the time the service is performed. Generally, revenue from services is classified as a component of
net sales in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income.
34