CANADA
Terms and Conditions
Termination of Continuous Status . This provision replaces Paragraph 13(M) of the T&C’s:
In the event of the termination of your Continuous Status (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws
in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), your right to receive and vest in the
RSUs under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that is the earlier of (i) the date on which your Continuous Status
is terminated, (ii) the date on which you receive a notice of termination of Continuous Status, or (iii) the date on which you are no
longer providing active services to Walmart or any Affiliate, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice
required under local law. Walmart shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer employed for purposes of
this Agreement (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).
Vesting and Delivery of Shares . This provision supplements Paragraph 5 of the T&C’s:
Instead of delivering Shares upon vesting of your RSUs to you as set forth in Paragraph 5 of the T&C's, Walmart or Wal-Mart
Canada Corp. or an Afﬁliate (“WM Canada”), in their sole discretion, also may settle your vested RSUs in cash, Shares, or a
combination of cash and Shares. To the extent your Plan Award will be settled in Shares, you hereby acknowledge and agree that
such settlement will be satisfied by WM Canada by forwarding a cash settlement amount in respect of the vested RSUs to an
independent broker who will in turn purchase the Shares on the open market on your behalf. Any Shares so purchased on the open
market shall be delivered to you as set forth in Paragraph 5 of the T&C’s.
The Following Provisions Apply to Associates and Non-Management Directors Resident in Quebec:
LanguiageiConsentz The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and
legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English.
Consentementzelatiidlalanguezutilisée,. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé la redaction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que
de tous documents, avis et proce’dures judiciaires, exe’cutés, donnés ou intentés en vertu de, ou lies directement ou indirectement a, la
pre’sente convention.
Data,Privacy:. This provision supplements Paragraph 15 of the T&C’s:
You hereby authorize Walmart, any Affiliate and their representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all
personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize Walmart, any Affiliate
and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by Walmart to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with
their respective advisors. You further authorize Walmart or an Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in
your employee file.
3