In the exercise of such allocated responsibilities, any action of the member to whom responsibilities are allocated
shall have the same force and effect for all purposes hereunder as if such action had been taken by the Committee.
The Committee shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of such member. The member to whom responsibilities
have been allocated shall periodically report to the Committee concerning the discharge of the allocated
responsibilities.
(b) The Committee shall have the authority to delegate, from time to time, by written instrument filed in its records, all or
any part of its responsibilities under the Plan to such person or persons as the Committee may deem advisable (and
may authorize such person to delegate such responsibilities to such other person or persons as the Committee shall
authorize) and in the same manner to revoke any such delegation of responsibility. Any action of the delegate in the
exercise of such delegated responsibilities shall have the same force and effect for all purposes hereunder as if such
action had been taken by the Committee. The Committee shall not be liable for any acts or omissions of any such
delegate. The delegate shall periodically report to the Committee concerning the discharge of the delegated
responsibilities.
ARTICLE VII.
CLAIMS PROCEDURE
7.1 General.
Any claim for benefits under the Plan must be filed by the Participant or beneficiary (“claimant”) in writing with the
Committee or its delegate within one (1) year of the Participant’s Separation from Service. If the claim is not filed within one (1)
year of the Participant’s Separation from Service, neither the Plan nor any Employer nor any Related Affiliate shall have any
obligation to pay the benefit and the claimant shall have no further rights under the Plan. If a timely claim for a Plan benefit is
wholly or partially denied, notice of the decision will be furnished to the claimant by the Committee or its delegate within a
reasonable period of time, not to exceed sixty (60) days, after receipt of the claim by the Committee or its delegate, unless special
circumstances require an extension of time for processing, in which case a decision will be rendered within a reasonable period of
time, but not later than one hundred twenty (120) days after receipt. Any claimant who is denied a claim for benefits will be
furnished written notice setting forth:
(a) the specific reason or reasons for the denial',
(b) specific reference to the pertinent Plan provision upon which the denial is based;
(0) a description of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and an
explanation of why such material or information is necessary; and
22