We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club Operators (whether through physical retail, digital retail or through the integration of
both areas), which could materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
The retail business is highly competitive. Each of our segments competes for customers, employees, store and club sites, products and services and in other
important aspects Of its business with many other local, regional, national and global retailers and wholesale club operators, as well as other national and
international internet-based retailers and retail intermediaries. Our Walmart U.S. segment competes with retailers operating discount, department, drug, dollar,
variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores and hypermarkets, as well as e-commerce and catalog businesses. Our Sam's Club segment
competes with other wholesale club Operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors,
gasoline stations, as well as e-commerce retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses.
Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, dollar stores, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores,
hypermarkets, wholesale clubs, home-improvement stores, specialty electronics stores, apparel stores, wholesale clubs, cash & carry operations, convenience stores
and e-commerce and catalog businesses. We compete with such retailers, wholesale club Operators and e-commerce retailers in a variety Of ways, including the
prices at which we sell our merchandise, the merchandise selection and availability, services Offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the
shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we Offer, the attractiveness and ease Of use of our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications,
cost and Speed of and Options for delivery to our customers Of the merchandise they purchase from us online, through mobile commerce applications and the
integration Of our physical locations with our digital retail Operations.
Where necessary, to compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at points lower than the prices we set under our EDLP philosophy, we will lower
our prices on goods for sale. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could materially adversely affect our
ﬁnancial performance. See "Item 1. Business" above for additional discussion Of our competitive situation in each of our reportable segments.
Although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments Of the retail industry may undergo consolidation from time to time, which could
result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics Of the retail marketplace. Such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved
ﬁnancial resources, improved access tO merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive
positions. Such business combinations could result in the provision Of a wider variety Of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated
companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
Consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. As a result, a greater portion Of total consumer expenditures
with all retailers and wholesale clubs could occur online and through mobile commerce applications. If we fail tO maintain or grow our overall market position
through the integration of our physical retail presence and digital retail, our net sales and financial performance could be adversely affected. In addition, a greater
concentration Of retail and wholesale club sales in online and mobile commerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic we have in our stores and
clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the Opportunities for cross-store or cross-club sales of merchandise that such in-store and in-club traffic creates and could
reduce our sales within our stores and materially adversely affect the ﬁnancial performance Of the physical side Of our segments’ overall Operations.
QperationaLRiskS
Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, ﬂoods, earthquakes, tsunamis, weather conditions such as
major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result Of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geO-political events,
such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which we Operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our Operations and ﬁnancial
performance. Such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss Of, one or more of our properties, the closure Of one or more stores, clubs and
distribution facilities, the lack Of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and our associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and
clubs directly affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution facilities are located, the unavailability
of our retail websites and mobile commerce applications to our customers, changes in the purchasing patterns Of consumers and in consumers' disposable income,
the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply Of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport Of goods from overseas, the
disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution facilities or stores within a country in which we are Operating, the reduction in the availability Of
products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. These events and their
impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our Operations in the areas in which these types of events occur, such as Superstorm Sandy in the US. in
2012, or numerous winter storm systems in the US. in 2013, 2014 and 2015, and could adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
1 8