Exhibit 10(e)
WAL-MART STORES, INC.
STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN OF 2015
(As amended and restated effective June 5, 2015,
and as amended further effective February 23, 2016)
1.1 Purpose and Effective Date. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (“Walmart”) believes it is important to provide incentives to Walmart’s
Associates, and Non-Management Directors, through participation in the ownership of Walmart and otherwise. The Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of 2015 was originally established under the name Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of
1998 (“1998 Plan”). The 1998 Plan was amended, restated and renamed from time to time, and approved and re-approved by
Walmart stockholders, as the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of 2005 (“2005 Plan”) and the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock
Incentive Plan of 2010 (“2010 Plan”), as amended and restated in 2013 (“2013 Restatement”), and most recently on June 5, 2015, as
the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of 2015 (“Plan”). The Plan, as heretofore amended, is hereby further amended and
restated as set forth herein effective February 23, 2016. The purpose of the Plan is to provide incentives to certain Associates and
Non-Management Directors to enhance their job performance, to motivate them to remain or become associated with Walmart and
its Afﬁliates, and to increase the success of Walmart. The Plan is not limited to Associates who are executive officers of Walmart,
but will be available to provide incentives to any Associate or Non-Management Director that the Committee believes has made or
may make a significant contribution to Walmart or an Affiliate of Walmart.
DEFINITIONS
2.1 “Afﬁliate” means any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business trust, other entity or other business
association that is now or hereafter controlled by Walmart, provided that if a Plan Award provides for the deferral of compensation
within the meaning of Code Section 409A, and if the applicable Notice of Plan Award does not contain a definition of “Affiliate”
that satisfies the requirements of Code Section 409A, then for purposes of such Plan Award, “Affiliate” means the entity for which
the Recipient performs services and with respect to which the legally binding right to deferred compensation arises, and all persons
that would be considered a single employer with such entity under section 414(b) of the Code (employees of controlled group of
corporations), or section 414(c) of the Code (employees of partnerships, etc. under common control), provided that the applicable
standard of control for purposes of such determination shall be “at least 50 percent”; and provided further that the entity is one with
respect to which Shares will qualify as “service recipient stock” under Code Section 409A.
2.2 “Associate” means any person employed by Walmart or any Affiliate.
2.3 “Board” means the Board of Directors of Walmart.
2.4 “Cause” means a Recipient’s commission of any act deemed inimical to the best interest of Walmart or any Affiliate, as
determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.
2.5 “Code ” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.