M. in the event of the termination of your Continuous Status (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), your right
to receive and vest in the RSUS under the Plan, if any, may terminate effective as of the date that you are no longer actively
providing services and may not be extended by any notice period under local law ( e.g. , your (period of service would not
1nclude any contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period mandate under employment laws in
the Iiurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any); the Committee shall have the
exc usive discretion to determine W en you are no longer actively employed for purposes of this Agreement (including
whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);
N. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by Walmart in its discretion, the RSUs and the benefits evidenced by this
Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the RSUs, the Shares underlying the RSUs, or any such benefits transferred
to, or assumed by, another corn any nor to be exchanged, or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction
affecting the Shares underlying the RSUS; and
0. if you are providing services outside of the United States: neither Walmart nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any
foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the
RSUS or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the RSUS or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired
upon settlement.
14. No Advice Regarding Award . Walmart and/or its Affiliates are not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor are
Walmart or any Affiliate making any recommendation regarding your participation in the Plan or the Shares underlying the RSUS
acquired upon vesting. You are advised to consult with your personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the decision to
participate in the Plan and before taking any action related to the Plan.
15. Data Privacy: . You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, Walmart
and any Affiliate for the exclusive urpose of implementing, administering and managing your articzpation in the Plan. You
understand that Walmart and its Afﬁliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your
name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance identification number or other identiﬁcation number,
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Walmart or an Aﬁiliate, details of all RSUS or any other awards
granted, canceled, exercised vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith and
its aﬁiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by Walmart in the future, which is assisting Walmart in the
implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the recipients of the Data may be located in your
country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country (e. g., the United States) may have diﬁ’erent data privacy laws and protections
than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by
contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize
7