Term and Conditions
Securities Law Information and Deemed Acceptance of RSUS . Neither the RSUS nor the underlying Shares shall be publicly offered
or listed on any stock exchange in South Africa. The offer is intended to be private pursuant to Section 96 of the Companies Act and
is not subject to the supervision of any South African governmental authority.
Pursuant to Section 96 of the Companies Act, the RSU offer must be finalized on or before the 60th day following the Grant Date. If
you do not want to accept the RSUS, you are required to decline your RSUS no later than the 60th day following the Grant Date. If
you do not reject your RSUS on or before the 60th day following the Grant Date, you will be deemed to accept the RSUS.
Iax,Rep,ortingInformation,. By accepting the RSUS, you agree to notify Walmart or the Employer, if different, of the amount of
income realized at vesting of the RSUS. If you fail to advise Walmart or the Employer, if different, of the income at vesting, you may
be liable for a fine. You will be responsible for paying any difference between the actual tax liability and the amount withheld.
Notifications
Exchange Control Information . You should consult with your personal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable exchange
control regulations in South Africa as such regulations are subject to frequent change. You are responsible for ensuring compliance
with all exchange control laws in South Africa.
UNITEDIKINGDQM
Terms and Conditions
Iaxes,and,Taxﬂithholding:. This section supplements Paragraph 10 of the T&C’s:
If payment or withholding of the income tax is not made within ninety (90) days of the end of the tax year in which the income tax
liability arises or such other period specified in Section 222(l)(c) of the UK. Income Tax Act (Earnings and Pensions) Act 2003 (the
“Due Date”), the amount of any uncollected income tax shall constitute a loan owed by you to Walmart or an Affiliate, effective on
the Due Date. You agree that the loan will bear interest at the then-current official rate of Her Majesty’s Revenue & Customs
(“HMRC”), it shall be immediately due and repayable, and Walmart or an Affiliate may recover it at any time thereafter by the
means referred to in Paragraph 10 of the T&C’s. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are a director or executive ofﬁcer of Walmart
(within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the US. Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), you shall not be eligible for a
loan from Walmart or an Affiliate to cover the income tax. In the event that you are a director or an executive officer and the income
tax is not collected from or paid by you by the Due Date, the amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to you
on which additional income tax and national insurance contributions may be payable. You will be responsible for reporting and
paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for reimbursing
Walmart or an Affiliate, as applicable, for the value of any national insurance contributions due on this additional benefit,
9