expressed as a percentage and may range from 0% (for achieving less than Threshold Performance), 50% (for achieving at
least, but no less than, Threshold performance), 100% (for achieving Target performance), or up to 150% (for achieving
Maximum performance). A percentage of 0% shall be applied to a Performance Measure during an Incentive Year if
Threshold performance is not achieved. The weighted average of all applicable achievement rates during an Incentive Year is
referred to as the “Incentive Year Achievement Rate.”
At the end of the Performance Period, the number of Performance Units that ultimately vest (the “Vested Performance
Units”) is determined by multiplying : (X) the average of all Incentive Year Achievement Rates during the Performance
Period and (y) the number of Performance Units granted by this Agreement.
In some instances, and as set forth more specifically in the summary table at the beginning of this Agreement, your
Performance Units may be subject to a Performance Period of less than three years.
1. If your Performance Units are subject to a two-year Performance Period, then the number of Vested Performance
Units is determined by multiplying : (X) the average of the Incentive Year Achievement Rates during the two-year
Performance Perrod and (y) the number of Performance Un1ts granted.
2. If your Performance Units are subject to a one-year Performance Period, then the number of Vested Performance
Units shall be calculated as the lesser of :
a) the Incentive Year Achievement Rate for the one-year Performance Period multiplied by the number of
Performance Units granted; and
b) one hundred and ten percent (110%) of the result of multiplying : (X) the three year average of the
Incentive Year Achievement Rate for the one-year Performance Period and the incentive achievement rates
for the two fiscal years immediately preceding the one-year Performance Period and (y) the number of
Performance Units granted.
B. DeliverynofiSharesn Upon the vesting of your Plan Award, you shall be entitled to receive a number of Shares
equal to the number .of Vested Performance Units as calculated 1n Paragraph 5.A. above less any Shares w1thheld or sold to
satlsfy taX Withholdlng oblrgatlons as set forth 1n Paragraph 10 below. The Shares shall be dellvered to you as soon as
administratively feasible, but in any event:
1. within 150 days of the Vesting Date, or
2. within 74 days of an Accelerated Vesting pursuant to Paragraph 8 below.
Such Shares will be deposited into an account in your name with a broker or other third party designated by Walmart.
You will be responsible for all fees imposed by such designated broker or other third party designated by Walmart.
Furthermore, Walmart or Wal-Mart Canada Corp. or an Afﬁliate (“WM Canada”), in their sole discretion, also may
settle your vested RSUs in cash, Shares, or a
3