number of Shares corresponding to the vested RSUS that Walmart or the Employer determines to be appropriate to generate
cash proceeds sufficient to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. However, Walmart may also require you to satisfy
the Tax-Related Items by any other method of withholding it authorizes, in its sole discretion, including through withholding
from your wages or other cash compensation paid to you by Walmart or any Affiliate.
D. . Depending on the withholding method, Walmart or the Employer may withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by cons1dering applicable. minimum statutory Withholding rates or other applicable Withholding rates, including max1mum
applicable rates. Further, if the obligation for Tax-Relate Items 15 satisfie y Withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you
are deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested RSUS, notwithstandingnthat a number of the
Shares are Withheld solelyfor the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. If as a result of Withholdingwhole Shares, an
excess amount of tax is Withheld, suc excess tax Wlll be reported and paid to the applicable tax authorities or regulatory
body. In the event that any excess amounts are withheld to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items, you may be entitled
to receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in the form of cash and wi l have no entitlement to the Share equivalent.
E. Finally, you.agree to. ﬂy to Walmart or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that Walmart or the
Employer may be required to Wit old or account for as a result of your partic1pation 1n the Plan that cannot be satisfied by
the means_previously described. Walmart may refuse to deliver the Shares or the proceeds of the sale of Shares, if you fail to
comply With your obligations in connection With the Tax-Related Items.
11. RSUS Not Transferable . The RSUS may not be sold, conveyed, assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of or
encumbered at anytime prior to vesting of the RSUS and the issuance of the underlying Shares. Any attempted action in Violation of
this Paragraph 11 shall be null, void, and without effect.
12. . :C,ountry;S,peciﬁc,Apnendix,. Notwithstanding any provision in these Global Share-SettledRSU Notification and Terms
and Conditions to the contrary, the grant of RSUS also shall e subject to any spec1al terms and conditions set forth in any appendix
attached hereto (the “Appendix”) With respect to certain laws, rules, and regulations specrfic to your country. Moreover, if you
relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the special terms and_conditions for such. countrfy will apply to you, to the
extent Walmart determines that the apiplication 0 such terms and conditions 18 necessary or advisable or lega or administrative
reasons. The Appendix is incorporate by reference into these Global Share-Settled RSU Notification and Terms and Conditions
and, together, these documents constitute this Agreement.
13. NaturebelanAwardn You further acknowledge, understand and agree that:
A. the Plan is established voluntarily by Walmart and is discretionary in nature,
B. the grant of RSUS is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual. or other right to receive future
grants of RSUS or other awards, or benefits in lieu of RSUS, even if RSUS have been granted in the past;
5