times you are considered to have “inside information” (as defined in the laws in your country). The restrictions applicable
under these laws may be the same or different from Walmart’s insider trading policy. You acknowledge that it is your
responsibility to be informed of and compliant With such regulations and any applicable Walmart insider trading policy, and
are advised to speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter.
M. _ You understand that you. may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange. control and/or tax reporting
requirements as a result of the acquiSition, holding and/or transfer of Shares. or cash (including d1v1dends and the proceeds
ar1s1ng from the sale of_Shares) derived from your partic1pation in the Plan in, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or
legal entity located outs1de your country. The applicable laws of the your country may require that you report such accounts,
assets, the balances therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such
country. You acknowledge that you are respons1ble for ensuring compliance With any applicable foreign asset/account,
exchange control and tax reporting requirements, and you are adVised to consult your personal legal adv1sor on this matter.
N. . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemdption from
any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, Walmart shall not be require to deliver
any Shares issuab e upon vesting of the Performance .Units prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the
Shares under any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the US.
Securities and Exchange Commissmn (“SEC”) or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any
approval or other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or
aqproval Walmart shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or adv1sable. You understand that Walmart is under no
0 igation to register or qualify the Shares With the. SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or
clearance from any governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Walmart may, Without. liability for its good
faith actions, place legend restrictions upon Shares underlying your Vested Performance Units and issue “stop transfer”
instructions requiring compliance With applicable US. or other securities laws and the terms of the Agreement and Plan.
Further, you agree that Walmart shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement Without your consent to
the extent necessary to comply With securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares.
12