III. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS: Item 103 of SEC Regulation S-K requires disclosure of certain environmental matters. The following matters are
disclosed in accordance with that requirement. For the matters listed below, management does not believe any possible loss or the range of any possible loss that
may be incurred in connection with each matter, individually or in the aggregate, will be material to the Company's financial condition or results of operations.
During fiscal year 2015, a California Greenwashing Task Force informed the Company (including one of its subsidiaries) that it was investigating whether the
Company and its subsidiary had violated a California statute that prohibits the sale of plastic products labeled by the Company's and its subsidiary's suppliers as
"biodegradable" or "compostable." On January 13, 2016, the Task Force sent the Company and its subsidiary a settlement demand with the following terms: a $1.5
million civil penalty; a restitution program; a compliance program; and investigative costs. On March 7, 2016, the Company and its subsidiary responded to the
offer and are continuing to work with the Task Force towards a resolution.
On April 23, 2015, Wal-Mart TranSportation LLC, a subsidiary of the Company, received a Finding and Notice of Violation from the Environmental Protection
Agency alleging that Walmart Transportation violated the California Air Resources Board's Truck and Bus regulations by failing to install particulate matter filters
on some diesel fuelled vehicles. The Company is responding to the allegations and is cooperating with the agency.
On April 6, 2015, representatives for the Brazilian Institute of the Environment alleged that WMS Supermercados do Brasil Ltda ("Walmart Brazil") had failed to
ﬁle required reports documenting the number of tires imported, sold and recycled. The agency proposed a penalty of approximately $857,000 and prohibited
Walmart Brazil from selling or importing tires until the matter is resolved. In October 2015, Walmart Brazil filed its defense with the agency against the imposition
of this penalty.
In September 2014, a spill of approximately 50 liters of fuel occurred at a store in Lerma, Mexico. A subsidiary of the Company, Nueva Wal-Mart de Mexico, S.
de R.L. de C.V., took steps to address the spill and engaged an expert to oversee the final cleanup. The Municipality of Lerma proposed a penalty of approximately
$128,000 along with the implementation of a monitoring program around the spill area to address the situation. The Company implemented a monitoring program
which concluded that there was no contamination in the Spill area and is challenging the penalty in an administrative court.
In February 2014, a division of the Health Department of the City of Vitoria notified Walmart Brazil, a subsidiary of the Company, that a wastewater leak had been
observed in the parking lot of a store. Walmart Brazil has been cooperating with the agency and believes that it has addressed the situation.
In January 2014, a division of the State Department of Sustainable Development of Santa Catarina notified Walmart Brazil that a store did not have the proper
license for a wastewater treatment system. Walmart Brazil resolved the matter by paying a penalty of approximately $50,000 and is awaiting the issuance of the
license.
In August 2013, the Company received a notice from the California Air Resources Board ("CARB") alleging that two products sold by the Company have
exceeded volatile organic chemical limits prescribed in its California Consumer Products Regulations. The Company is responding to the allegations and
cooperating with CARB's investigation.
In April 2013, a subsidiary of the Company, Corporacion de Compaﬁias Agroindustriales, operating in Costa Rica, became aware that the Municipality of
Curridabat is seeking a penalty of approximately $380,000 in connection with the construction of a retaining wall seventeen years ago for a perishables distribution
center that is situated along a protected river bank. The subsidiary obtained permits from the Municipality and the Secretaria Técnica Nacional Ambiental at the
time of construction, but the Municipality now alleges that the wall is non-conforming.
In April and May 2011, the Environmental and Natural History Ministry of Chiapas, Mexico ("Ministry") notified a subsidiary of the Company, Arrendadora de
Centros Comerciales, S. de R.L. de CV. ("Arrendadora"), that five stores may have been constructed without first obtaining an environmental impact license as
required, and for failing to comply with conditions required by those licenses. The Ministry proposed a penalty of approximately $178,000 related to such stores
and Arrendadora is currently in discussions with the Ministry regarding payment of such amount. In 2014, the Ministry informed Arrendadora it believed that four
additional stores may have been constructed with the same deficiencies. The Ministry proposed a penalty of approximately $640,000 in respect to such additional
stores and also required Arrendadora to obtain the licenses and comply with the required conditions. Arrendadora was subsequently released by an administrative
court from the payment of such penalty. Arrendadora is in compliance with the conditions required for the licenses of all the foregoing stores.
In January 2011, the Environmental Department of Porto Alegre Municipality formally notified Walmart Brazil of soil inspection reports indicating soil
contamination due to leakage of oil from power generating equipment at nine store locations in Brazil. Walmart Brazil is cooperating with the agency as well as the
District Attorney's Office for the State of Rio Grande do Sul and has filed a mitigation plan to address the situation.
IIEMA. MINESAEETXIDISCLOSIJRES
Not applicable.
28