MEXICO
Terms and Conditions
No Entitlement for Claims or Compensation . The following sections supplement Paragraph 13 of the T&C’s:
Modificationn By accepting the RSUS, you acknowledge and agree that any modification of the Plan or the Agreement or its
termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of your Continuous Status.
Policy Statement . The grant of RSUs is unilateral and discretionary and, therefore, Walmart reserves the absolute right to amend it
and discontinue the award at any time without any liability.
Walmart, with registered ofﬁces at 702 Southwest 8th Street, Bentonville, Arkansas 72716, USA, is solely responsible for the
administration of the Plan, and participation in the Plan and the RSUs does not, in any way, establish an employment relationship
between you and Walmart or any Affiliate since you are participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis.
Plan Document Acknowledgment . By accepting the RSUS, you acknowledge that you have received copies of the Plan, have
reviewed the Plan and the Agreement in their entirety and fully understand and accept all provisions of the Plan and the Agreement.
In addition, by accepting the Agreement, you acknowledge that you have read and specifically and expressly approve the terms and
conditions set forth in Paragraph 13 of the Agreement, in which the following is clearly described and established: (i) participation in
the Plan does not constitute an acquired right, (ii) the Plan and participation in the Plan is offered by Walmart on a wholly
discretionary basis, (iii) participation in the Plan is voluntary; and (iv) Walmart and its Affiliates are not responsible for any decrease
in the value of any Shares (or the cash equivalent) underlying the RSUs under the Plan.
Finally, you hereby declare that you do not reserve any action or right to bring any claim against Walmart for any compensation or
damages as a result of your participation in the Plan and therefore grant a full and broad release to Walmart and any Affiliate with
respect to any claim that may arise under the Plan.
Spanish Translation
Sin derecho a compensacz’én 0 reclamaciones par compensacién. Estas disposicz’ones complementan el Parrafo 13 del Contrato:
Madificacién,. Al aceptar [as RS Us, ustea’ entiena’e y acuera’a que cualquz’er modiﬁcacién al Plan 0 al Contrato 0 su terminacio’n n0
constituira un cambio 0 perjuz’cz’o a los términos y condiciones de empleo.
7