C. . all decisions with respect to future grants of RSUs or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the
Comm1ttee,
D. neither this. Agreement nor the Plan creates any contract of employment with any entity involved in the
management or adm1nlstratlon of the Plan or thls Agreement, and nothmg 1n th1s Agreement or the Plan shall 1nterfere W1th
or limit in any way the right of Walmart or, if different, the Employer to terminate your Continuous Status at any time, nor
confer upon you the r1ght to contmue 1n the employ of Walmart or any Afflllate;
E. _ the RSUs and the Shares underlyingthe RSUs, and the income and value of same, relate exclusively to your
Contmuous Status dur1ng the vest1ng per1od appllcable to your RSUs,
F. nothing in this Agreement or the Plan creates any fiduciary or other duty owed to you by Walmart, any Affiliate, or
any member of the Comm1ttee, except as expressly stated in thls Agreement or the Plan,
G. you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
H. . . the RSUs and the.Shares underlying the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not intended to replace any
pens1on r1ghts or compensatlon;
I. the RSUs and the Shares underlying the RSUs, and the income and value of same, are not part of normal or
expected compensatlon or.salary for any purposes, 1nclud1ng, but not 11m1ted _to, calculatlng any severance, resrgnatlon,
term1nat10n, redundancy, d1smlssal, end-of-serv1ce payments, bonuses, long-serv1ce awards, pens1on or ret1rement or welfare
beneﬁts or $1m11ar payments,
J. unless otherwise agreed with Walmart, the RSUS and .the Shares underlying the RSUs, and the income and the
value of same, are not granted as cons1deratlon for, or 1n connectlon w1th, the serv1ce (If any) you may prov1de as a d1rector
of any Affiliate;
K. _ the future value of the Shares underlying the RSUs is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with
certamty,
L. _ no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages .shall arise from forfeiture of the RSUs and the Shares
underlymg the RS_US resultlng from the termlnatlon of your Continuous Status (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not
later found to be 1nva11d _or 1n breach. of employment laws 1n the Jur1sdlct10n where you are employed or the terms of your
employment agreement, 1f any), and 1n cons1derat10n of the grant of the RSUSO to which you are otherwlse not ent1tled, you
1rrevocably agree. .(1) never to 1nst1tute any cla1m .agalnst Walmart or any Affrllate; (11) .walve your ab111ty, 1f any, to br1ng
such cla1m, and (111) release Walmart and all Aff111ates from such cla1m, if, notwﬁhstandmg the foregomg, any such cla1m lS
allowed by a court of competent JurlSdlCthn, then, by part1c1pat1ng 1n the Plan, you shal be deemed 1rrevocably to have
agreed not to pursue such 0 a1m and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dlsm1ssal or w1thdrawal of
such cla1m,
6