place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed ( i. e. , the NYSE).
Foreign Asset/ Account Reporting Information . Foreign property, including shares of stock (i.e., Shares) and other rights to receive
Shares ( e. g. , Performance Units) of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident employee must generally be reported
annually on a Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement), if the total cost of your specified foreign property exceeds
C$100,000 at any time during the year. Thus, Performance Units likely must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the C$lO0,000
cost threshold is exceeded because of other specified foreign property that you hold. When Shares are acquired, their cost generally
is the adjusted cost base (“ACB”) of the Shares. The ACB ordinarily is equal to the fair market value of the Shares at the time of
acquisition, but if you own other Shares (acquired separately), this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares.
CHILE
Terms and Conditions
Labor Law Acknowledgement . The Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income and value
of same, shall not be considered as part of the your remuneration for purposes of determining the calculation base of future
indemnities, whether statutory or contractual, for years of service (severance) or in lieu of prior notice, pursuant to Article 172 of the
Chilean Labor Code.
Notifications
Securities Law Information . This grant of Performance Units constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the
Grant Date. This offer of Performance Units is made subject to general ruling n° 336 of the Chilean Superintendence of Securities
and Insurance (“SVS”). The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the
SVS, and, therefore, such securities are not subject to oversight of the SVS. Given that the RSUs are not registered in Chile,
Walmart is not required to provide public information about the Performance Units or the Shares in Chile. Unless the Performance
Units and/or the Shares are registered with the SVS, a public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile.
Esta Oferta de Performance Units (“Unidades”) constituye una oferta privada de valores en Chile y se inicia en la Fecha de la
Oferta. Esta oferta de Unidades se acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Caracter General N 0 336 (“NCG 336”) de la
Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de Chile ( “S VS ”). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores 0
en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que lleva la SVS, por lo que tales valores no estan sujetos a la ﬁscalizacio’n de e’sta. Por
tratarse de valores no inscritos en Chile no existe la ohligacio’n por parte de Walmart de entregar en Chile informacio’n pahlica
respecto de los mismos. Estos valores no podran ser objeto de oferta pablica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de
Valores correspondiente.
ExchangeiControLInfoIfmation,. You are not required to repatriate any funds you receive with respect to the Performance Units ( e. g.
, any proceeds from the sale of any Shares issued upon vesting of the Performance Units) to Chile. However, if you decide to
repatriate such funds, you
4