environmental and health and safety goals and record; (11) workers’ compensation goals; (mm) business integration; or (nn)
succession plan development and implementation; (00) store constructions, openings, remodels, and/or closings.
Performance Measures may be applied on a pre-tax or post-tax basis, and based upon the performance of Walmart, of any Affiliate,
of a division thereof, or other business unit, or of an individual Recipient. The Committee may, at time of grant, in the case of a Plan
Award intended to be a Qualified Performance Based Award, and in the case of other grants, at any time, provide that the
Performance Goals for such Plan Award shall include or exclude items to measure specific objectives, such as losses from
discontinued operations, extraordinary gains or losses, the cumulative effect of accounting changes, acquisitions or divestitures,
foreign exchange impacts and any unusual nonrecurring gain or loss.
2.22 “ Performance Period ” means that period established by the Committee during which the attainment of Performance Goals
specified by the Committee with respect to a Plan Award are to be measured. A Performance Period may be a 12-month period or a
longer or shorter period.
2.23 “Performance Share Unit,” “Performance Unit” or “PSU” means the right to receive the value of a Share, whether settled
in Shares or in cash, upon attainment of specified Performance Goals. For Plan Awards granted prior to the 2013 Restatement, the
term “Performance Share” referred to a Performance Share Unit (as defined above) payable in Shares, and “Performance Share
Unit” referred to a Performance Share Unit (as defined above) to be settled in cash. To the extent that Notices of Plan Award granted
prior to the 2013 Restatement use the term “Performance Share,” the term “Performance Share” as used in such Notices of Plan
Award shall, without formal amendment, be deemed to refer to Performance Share Units (as defined above) payable in Shares. To
the extent that Notices of Plan Award granted prior to the 2013 Restatement use the term “Performance Share Unit,” the term
“Performance Share Unit” as used in such Notices of Plan Award shall, without formal amendment, be deemed to refer to
Performance Share Units (as defined above) to be settled in cash.
2.24 “Plan” means this Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Stock Incentive Plan of 2015, as amended from time to time.
2.25 “Plan Award” means an award or right granted under the Plan consisting of an Option, Restricted Stock, Restricted Stock
Unit, Stock Appreciation Right, Performance Unit, or Stock. The terms and conditions applicable to a Plan Award shall be set forth
in the applicable Notice of Plan Award.
2.26 “Qualiﬁed Performance Based Award” means a Plan Award to a Covered Employee or to an Associate that the
Committee determines may be a Covered Employee at the time Walmart or an Affiliate would be entitled to a deduction for such
Plan Award, which is intended to provide “qualified performance-based compensation” within the meaning of Code Section 162(m).
For any Performance Period for which a Plan Award is intended to be a Qualified Performance Based Award, Performance Goals
shall be established by the Committee no later than 90 days after the beginning of the Performance Period to which the Performance
Goals pertain and while the attainment of the Performance Goals is substantially uncertain, and in any event no later than the date
25% of the Performance Period has elapsed.
2.27 “Recipient” means an Associate or Non-Management Director who has received a Plan Award that has not yet been settled.