subject to Restrictions set forth in the Notice of Plan Award; provided, however, in no event will the exercise date of an Option be
later than the expiration date of the term of that Option as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award.
6.6 Disability of Recipient. Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 6.4, in the case of an Associate’s Incentive Stock Option,
if the Recipient’s Continuous Status is terminated as a result of his or her total and permanent disability (as defined in Code Section
22(e)(3)), the Recipient may, but only within 12 months from the date of that termination (but in no event later than the expiration
date of the term of that Option as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award), exercise an Incentive Stock Option to the extent otherwise
entitled to exercise it at the date of that termination. To the extent the Recipient is not entitled to exercise an Incentive Stock Option
at the date of termination, or if Recipient does not exercise that Incentive Stock Option to the extent so entitled within the time
specified herein, the Incentive Stock Option shall terminate.
6.7 Non-transferability of Options . An Option may not be sold, pledged, hedged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred or
disposed of in any manner except by testamentary devise or by the laws of descent or distribution or, in those circumstances
expressly permitted by the Committee, to a Permitted Transferee. For this purpose, a “Permitted Transferee” means any member of
the Immediate Family of the Recipient, any trust of which all of the primary beneficiaries are the Recipient or members of his or her
Immediate Family or any partnership of which all of the partners or members are the Recipient or members of his or her Immediate
Family. The “Immediate Family” of a Recipient means the Recipient’s spouse, children, stepchildren, grandchildren, parents,
stepparents, siblings, grandparents, nieces and nephews, or the spouse of any of the foregoing individuals.
6.8 Withholding. The Committee may withhold, or provide for the payment of, any amounts necessary to collect any withholding
taxes upon any taxable event relating to an Option in accordance with Section 11.10 except to the extent otherwise provided under
Section 6.3.
SHARES AND RESTRICTED STOCK
7.1 Grant of Shares. Walmart may grant Shares without Restrictions or payment to those Non-Management Directors as the full
Board may determine in its sole discretion.
7.2 Grant of Restricted Stock. Walmart may grant Restricted Stock to those Associates and Non-Management Directors as the
Committee may select in its sole discretion. Each Plan Award of Restricted Stock shall have those terms and conditions that are
expressly set forth in, or are required by, the Plan and any other terms and conditions as the Committee may determine in its
discretion.
7.3 Dividends; Voting. While any Restriction applies to any Recipient’s Restricted Stock, (a) unless the Committee provides
otherwise, the Recipient shall receive the dividends paid on the Restricted Stock and shall not be required to return those dividends
to Walmart in the event of the forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, (b) the Recipient shall have the right to, subject to all Restrictions
then existing as to the Recipient’s Restricted Stock, receive the proceeds of the Restricted Stock in any stock split, reverse stock
split, recapitalization, or other change in the capital structure of Walmart, which proceeds shall automatically and without need for
any other action become Restricted Stock and be delivered as provided in Section 7.4, and (c) the Recipient shall be entitled to vote
the Restricted Stock during the Restriction period.
7.4 Delivery of Shares. Subject to any deferral election under Section 7.8, a Share will be