the listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national market system on which are listed any of the Company’s
equity securities, then the Committee may postpone any such nonforfeitability or delivery, as applicable, but the Company shall use
all reasonable efforts to cause such nonforfeitability or delivery to comply with all such provisions at the earliest practicable date.
9.5. No Rights as a Stockholder . No Participant shall have any rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to the shares
of Stock which may be deliverable to the Participant’s Account in connection with a Contribution (other than a Voluntary
Contribution of previously-owned shares of Stock) under the Plan until such shares of Stock have been credited to his or her
Account or have been delivered to him or her.
9.6. Nature of Payments . Matching Contributions and Award Contributions shall be special incentive payments to the Participant
and shall not be taken into account in computing the amount of salary or compensation of the Participant for purposes of determining
any pension, retirement, death or other beneﬁt under (a) any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, bonus, insurance or other employee
beneﬁt plan of the Company or any Affiliate, except as such plan shall otherwise expressly provide, or (b) any agreement between
(i) the Company or any Affiliate and (ii) the Participant, except as such agreement shall otherwise expressly provide.
9.7. Non:Exclusivity,ofithe,Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor its submission to the stockholders of the
Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power of the Board to adopt such other compensatory
arrangements for Associates as it may deem desirable.
9.8. MilitarynServicen The Plan shall be administered in accordance with Section 414(u) of the Internal Revenue Code and the
Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment Rights Act of 1994.
9.9. Construction. The following rules of construction will apply to the Plan: (a) the word “or” is disjunctive but not necessarily
exclusive, and (b) words in the singular include the plural, words in the plural include the singular, and words in the neuter gender
include the masculine and feminine genders and words in the masculine or feminine gender include the other neuter genders.
9.10. Headings: . The headings of articles and sections are included solely for convenience of reference, and if there is any conﬂict
between such headings and the text of this Plan, the text shall control.
9.11. .StockholdeLApproval,. All Contributions made on or after the effective date of the amended and restated Plan and prior to
the date the Company’s stockholders approve the amended and restated Plan are expressly conditioned upon and subject to approval
of the amended and restated Plan by the Company’s stockholders.
9.12. Taxes . All Matching Contributions and Award Contributions are subject to withholding for applicable federal, state and
local income taxes and will be reported as wage income by the Company. When a Participant authorizes a Payroll Deduction of a
specific
13