Settled Performance Unit Notification and Terms and Conditions and, together, these documents constitute this Agreement.
13. Nature of Plan Award . You further acknowledge, understand and agree that:
A. the Plan is established voluntarily by Walmart and is discretionary in nature,
B. . the grant of Performance Units is voluntary and occasional. and does not create any contractual or other right to
receive future grants of Performance Units or other awards, or benefits in lieu of Performance Units, even if Performance
Units have been granted in the past;
C. all decisions. with respect to future grants of Performance Units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole
discretion of the Committee;
D. neither this. Agreement nor the Plan creates any contract of employment with any entity involved in the
management or administration of the Plan OI'.th1S Agreement, and nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall 1nterfere With
or limit in any way the right of Walmart or, if different, the Employer to terminate your Continuous Status at any time, nor
confer upon you the right to continue in the employ of Walmart or any Affiliate;
E. _ the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income. and value of same, relate
exclus1vely to your Continuous Status during the vesting period applicable to your Performance Units,
F. nothing in this Agreement or the Plan creates any fiduciary or other duty owed to you by Walmart, any Affiliate, or
any member of the Committee, except as expressly stated in this Agreement or the Plan,
G. you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
H. _ the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income and value of same, are
not intended to replace any pens10n rights or compensation,
I. the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the PerformanceUnits, and the income and value of same, are not
part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance,
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-serVice payments, bonuses, long-serVice awards, pens10n or
retirement or welfare benefits or Similar payments;
J. . unless otherwise agreed with Walmart, the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units,
and the income and the value of same, are not granted as cons1deration for, or in connection With, the serVice (if any) you
may prov1de as a director of any Affiliate;
K. _ the future value of the Shares underlying the Performance Units is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be
predicted With certainty,
8