Walmart or any Affiliate, (ii) waive your ability, if any, to bring such claim, and (iii) release Walmart and all Affiliates from such
claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the
Plan, you shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary
to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim;
M. in the event of the termination of your Continuous Status (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the Jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your emplofyment agreement, if any), your right to
receive and vest in the Restricted Stock under the Plan, if any, may terminate effective as o the. date that you are no longer actively
prov1d1ng serv1ces and may not be extended by any notice period under local law (e.g.,gour period of serVice would not include any
contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or Similar period mandate under employment laws in. the Jurisdiction
where you are employed or the termsof your employment agreement, if any); the Committee shal have the exclusive discretion to
determine when you are no longer actively employed for purposes of this Agreement (including whether you may still be cons1dered
to be prov1d1ng serv1ces while on a leave of absence);
. N. . unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by Walmart in its discretion, the Restricted. Stock and the benefits
ev1denced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock, the Shares underlying the RestrictedStock,
or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, or substituted for, in connection With any
corporate transaction affecting the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock“, and
. 0. if you are providing services outside of the United States: neither Walmart nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any
foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the
Restricted Stock or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock or the subsequent sale of any Shares
acquired upon settlement.
14. No Advice Regarding Award . Walmart and/or its Affiliates are not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor are
Walmart or any Affiliate making any recommendation regarding your participation in the Plan or the Shares underlying the RSUS
acquired upon vesting. You are advised to consult with your personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the decision to
participate in the Plan and before taking any action related to the Plan.
15. DataiPrivacy: You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, Walmart
and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan. You
understand that Walmart and its Affiliates may hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your
name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance identification number or other identiﬁcation number,
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Walmart or an Aﬁiliate, details of all RSUS or any other awards
granted, canceled, exercised vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith and
its afﬁliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by Walmart in the future, which is assisting
7