WAL-MART STORES, INC.
Stock incentive plan of 2015
SHARE-SETTLED PERFORMANCE UNIT NOTIFICATION
AND TERMS AND CONDITIONS
COUNTRY-SPECIFIC APPENDIX
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and/or the Share-Settled
Performance Unit Notification and Terms and Conditions (the “T&C’s”).
Terms and Conditions . This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Performance Units granted to you
under the Plan if you work and/or reside in one of the countries listed below.
If you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and/or residing, transfer
Continuous Status after the Grant Date, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, Walmart shall, in its
discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall be applicable to you .
Notifications. This Appendix also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which you should be
aware with respect to your participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in
effect in the respective countries as of November 2015. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, Walmart
strongly recommends that you not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the
consequences of your participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time that the Performance Units
vest or you receive a cash payout under the Plan.
In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to your particular situation, and Walmart is not
in a position to assure you of a particular result. Accordingly, you are advised to seek appropriate professional advice as to how the
relevant laws in your country may apply to your situation.
Finally, if you are a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which you are currently working and/or residing, transfer
Continuous Status after the Grant Date, or are considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the notifications
contained herein may not be applicable to you in the same manner.
ARGENTINA
Notiﬁcations
SecuritiesiLawnIanImation,. Neither the Performance Units nor any Shares subject to the Performance Units are publicly offered or
listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental
authority.
1