(B) he or she was paid all amounts previously due under the Plan and any other plan required by Code
Section 409A to be aggregated with the Plan and, on and before the date of the last such payment, was
not eligible to continue to participate in the Plan and any other plan required by Code Section 409A to
be aggregated with the Plan for periods after such payment.
An MIP bonus deferral election under this Section 3.2(b)(3) will be effective only with respect to an MIP
bonus paid for services performed after such election. For this purpose, the amount of the MIP bonus payable
to the Eligible Officer for services rendered subsequent to the Eligible Officer’s election will be determined by
multiplying the bonus by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of calendar days remaining in the
performance period after the election and the denominator of which is the total number of calendar days in
such performance period. For purposes of this Section 3.2(b)(3), the date of an Eligible Officer’s election is
the date the executed election form (which may be electronic) is received by Walmart’s Executive
Compensation department.
(0) The Deferred MIP Bonus of an Eligible Participant who elects to defer all or a portion of the Eligible Participant’s
MIP bonus under this Section 3.2 with respect to a performance period that coincides with a Plan Year or that ends
within a Plan Year shall be credited to the Eligible Participant’s Deferral Account for such Plan Year and shall be
allocated to a Retirement Account or to a Scheduled In—Service Account in accordance with Section 3.5.
3.3 Deferred Special Bonuses.
(a) An Eligible Officer may elect to defer all or a portion of the Eligible Ofﬁcer’s Special Bonus to be otherwise paid to
the Eligible Officer in a Plan Year. All Special Bonus deferral elections made under this Section 3.3 must be filed
with Walmart’s Executive Compensation department on forms (which may be electronic) approved by Executive
Compensation. No election under this Section 3.3 shall be effective to reduce amounts paid by the Employer to an
Eligible Participant to an amount which is less than the sum of the amount the Employer is required to withhold for a
Plan Year for purposes of federal, state, or local taxes (including, but not limited to, income and FICA withholding)
for insurance premiums or other withholdings as allowed by Code Section 409A.For purposes of this Section 3.3, the
date of an Eligible Officer’s election is the date the executed election form (which may be electronic) is received by
Executive Compensation. A deferral election is not permitted with respect to a Special Bonus unless the Special
Bonus is a type described in, and the deferral election with respect to the Special Bonus satisfies the applicable
conditions of, Section 3.3(b) or Section 3.3(c).
9