upon vesting. You are advised to consult with your personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the decision to participate in
the Plan and before taking any action related to the Plan.
15. Data,Briv,aCy:. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, Walmart
and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your particzpation in the Plan. You
understand that Walmart and its Affiliates ma hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your
name, home address and telephone number, dblte of birth, social insurance identification number or other identiﬁcation number,
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Walmart or an Affiliate, details of all Performance Units or any
other awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of
implementin , administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner
& Smith an; its affiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by Walmart in the future, which is assisting
Walmart in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the reci tents of the Data may be
located in your country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country (e. g., the United States) may have dgferent data privacy laws
and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and a dresses of any potential
recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize Walmart, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner
& Smith and any other possible reczpients which may assist Walmart (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering
and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of
implementing, administering and managing your participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of Data as may be
required to Walmart’s designated broker or other third party. You understand that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to
implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you
may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the stora e and processing of Data, require any necessary
amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing your local human
resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If ou do
not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Status and career with the Employer will not be adijersely
affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that Walmart would not be able to grant
Performance Units or other Plan Awards to you or administer or maintain such Plan Awards. Therefore, you understand that
refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to particzpate in the Plan. For more information on the consequences
of your refusal to consent or withdrawa of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources
representative.
16. cherProvisions.
A. Determinations regarding this Agreement (including, but not limited to, whether, and the extent to which, the
Performance Measures and Performance Goals referred to in Paragraph 5 have been satisfied, and whether an event has
occurred resulting in the forfeiture of or accelerated vesting of a Performance Unit) shall be made by the Committee in its
sole and exclusive discretion and in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan, and all determinations of the Committee
shall be final and conclusive and binding on you and your successors and heirs.
10