Other Segment Information
Certain financial information relating to our segments is included in our Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 ("Annual Report
to Shareholders") under the caption "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and in Note 14 in the "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" included therein, which information is incorporated herein by reference. Note 14 also includes information regarding total
revenues and long-lived assets aggregated by our US. and non-US. Operations. Such portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders are included as Exhibit 13 to
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference herein as expressly provided herein.
Suppliers and Supply Chain
As a retailer and warehouse club Operator, we utilize a global supply chain that includes over 100,000 suppliers located around the world, including in the United
States, from whom we purchase the merchandise that we sell in our stores and clubs. In many instances, we purchase merchandise from producers located near the
stores and clubs in which such merchandise will be sold, particularly products in the "fresh" category. Our purchases may represent a significant percentage of a
number of our suppliers' annual sales, and the volume of product we acquire from many suppliers allows us to obtain favorable pricing from such suppliers. Our
suppliers are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker safety laws and other applicable laws.
Our ability to acquire from our suppliers the assortment and volume of products we wish to offer to our customer, to receive those products within the required
time through our supply chain and to distribute those products to our stores and clubs determines, in part, our in-stock levels in our stores and clubs and the
attractiveness of our merchandise assortment we offer to our customers and members.
Employees
As of the end of fiscal 2016 , the Company and its subsidiaries employed approximately 2.3 million employees ("associates") worldwide, with nearly 1.5 million
associates in the US. and 0.8 million associates internationally. Similar to other retailers, the Company has a large number of part-time, hourly or non-exempt
associates and a large number of associates turn over each year. We believe our relationships with our associates are good.
On February 19, 2015, the Company announced a significant initiative on pay and training for US. associates. Approximately 500,000 full-time and part-time
associates at Walmart U.S. stores and Sam's Clubs received pay raises in the ﬁrst half of fiscal 2016 and in February 2016, approximately 1.2 million full-time and
part-time associates at Walmart U.S. stores and Sam's Clubs received pay increases. Also included in the announcement were comprehensive changes to our hiring,
training, compensation and scheduling programs, as well as to our store management structure. These changes will give our US. associates the opportunity to earn
higher pay and advance in their careers.
Certain information relating to retirement—related benefits we provide to our associates is included in our Annual Report to Shareholders in Note 12 in the "Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements" included therein, which information is incorporated herein by reference.
In addition to retirement-related benefits, in the US, the Company offers a broad range of Company-paid beneﬁts to our associates, including store discount cards
or Sam's Club memberships, bonuses based on Company performance, matching a portion of purchases of our stock by associates through our Associate Stock
Purchase Plan and life insurance. The Company also offers health-care benefits to eligible full-time and part-time associates in the US. The Company's medical
plan in the US. has no lifetime maximum benefit for most expenses.
Similarly, in the operations outside the US, the Company provides a variety of associate benefits that vary based on customary local practices and statutory
requirements.
Executive Ofﬁcers of the Registrant
The following chart names the executive officers of the Company, each of whom is elected by and serves at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The business
experience shown for each ofﬁcer has been his or her principal occupation for at least the past five years, unless otherwise noted.
14