IIEMJA.’ RISKEACIQRS
The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Our business operations could
also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the US. and globally.
StrategicTRisks
General or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
General economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. Higher interest rates, lower or
higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, weakness in the housing
market, inﬂation, deﬂation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer
disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, ﬂuctuations in currency
exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes and surcharges, other changes in tax laws, other regulatory changes, overall economic slowdown and
other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell through our business, change the mix of products we sell to
one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, otherwise adversely affect our net sales and result in slower
inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory.
Higher levels of unemployment, inﬂation, deﬂation, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, changes in consumer spending
and shopping patterns, changes in tax and other laws, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the local housing market, ﬂuctuations in currency exchange
rates, currency devaluations and other adverse developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand
for our merchandise in those countries, especially those countries in which average incomes are significantly lower than average incomes in the US. These
conditions may adversely affect our net sales, gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise adversely affect our operations and
consolidated operating results.
Higher interest rates, lower or higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other
energy, higher transportation costs, inﬂation, higher commodity prices, higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, higher
tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with
international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the US. and other countries in which we have operations can increase our
cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our domestic and international operations and our
operating results. The economic factors that affect our operations also affect the operations and economic viability of our suppliers from whom we purchase goods,
a factor that can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, could result in certain suppliers not
producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale.
We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, whether involving physical retail, digital retail or the integration of
physical and digital retail, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market
share.
It is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. The success of our business depends in part on how
accurately we predict consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment,
whether for customers purchasing products at our stores and clubs, through our digital retail businesses or through the combination of both retail offerings. A
critical piece of identifying consumer preferences involves price transparency, assortment of products, customer experience, convenience and the speed and cost of
shipping. These factors are of primary importance to customers and they continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media
available to consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products online, at physical locations or through a combination of both retail
offerings. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including the key factors described above) and spending
patterns, whether for our physical retail offerings, digital retail offerings or the integration of physical retail and digital retail, could negatively affect our
relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.
17