TerminationofﬁontinuousStatus. This provision replaces Paragraph 14(M) of the T&C’s:
In the event of the termination of your Continuous Status (whether or not later found to be invalid for any reason, including for
breaching either applicable employment laws or your employment agreement, if any), your right to receive and vest in the
Performance Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as the earlier of (i) the date on which your Continuous Status is
terminated, or (ii) the date you no longer actively provide service to Walmart or any Affiliate due to the termination of your
Continuous Status, regardless of any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice required under local law. Walmart shall
have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer employed for purposes of this Agreement (including whether you
may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).
Yesting,and,Delive1:y,of,Shares,. This provision supplements Paragraph 5 of the T&C's:
Instead of delivering Shares upon vesting of your Performance Units to you as set forth in Paragraph 5 of the T&C's, Walmart or
Wal-Mart Canada Corp. or an Afﬁliate (“WM Canada”), in their sole discretion, also may settle your Vested Performance Units in
cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares. To the extent your Plan Award will be settled in Shares, you hereby acknowledge
and agree that such settlement will be satisﬁed by WM Canada by forwarding a cash settlement amount in respect of the Vested
Performance Units to an independent broker who will in turn purchase the Shares on the open market on your behalf. Any Shares so
purchased on the open market shall be delivered to you as set forth in Paragraph 5 of the T&C’s.
The Following Provisions Apply to Associates and Non-Management Directors Resident in Quebec:
Langﬂge Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices, and
legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English.
ConsentemenMelatifdlalanguezutilisée,. Les parties reconnaissent avoir exigé la redaction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que
de tous documents, avis et proce’dures judiciaires, executes, donnes ou intentés en vertu de, ou lies directement ou indirectement a, la
présente convention.
Data Privacy: . This provision supplements Paragraph 15 of the T&C’s:
You hereby authorize Walmart, any Affiliate and their representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all
personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan. You further authorize Walmart, any Affiliate
and any stock plan service provider that may be selected by Walmart to assist with the Plan to disclose and discuss the Plan with
their respective advisors. You further authorize Walmart or an Affiliate to record such information and to keep such information in
your employee file.
Notifications
Securities Law Information . You are permitted to sell the Shares acquired through the Plan through the designated broker, if any,
provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes
3