We could be subject to liability, penalties and other sanctions and other adverse consequences arising out of our on-going FCPA matter.
The Audit Committee of our Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, is conducting an internal investigation into, among other
things, alleged violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other alleged crimes or misconduct in connection with certain of our foreign
subsidiaries, including Wal-Mart de Mexico, S.A.B. de C.V., or Walmex, and whether we appropriately handled prior allegations of such violations and/or
misconduct. We are also conducting a voluntary global review of our policies, practices and internal controls for FCPA compliance and strengthening our global
anti-corruption compliance programs. Since the implementation of the global review and enhanced anti-corruption compliance programs, the Audit Committee and
we have identified or been made aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the FCPA. Inquiries or investigations regarding allegations of
potential F CPA violations have been commenced in a number of foreign markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, Brazil, China and India. In
November 2011, we voluntarily disclosed our investigative activity to the US. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") and the SEC, and we have been informed by the
DOJ and the SEC that we are the subject of their respective investigations into possible violations of the FCPA. A number of federal and local government
agencies in Mexico have also initiated investigations of these matters. Furthermore, lawsuits relating to the matters under investigation have been filed by several
of our shareholders against us, certain of our current and former directors and officers and certain of Walmex's current and former officers.
We could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of these matters. One or more enforcement actions could be instituted in respect of the
matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments, settlements, fines,
penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. The existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits
may result in judgments against us and our current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. We cannot predict at this time the outcome or
impact of the government investigations, the shareholder lawsuits, or our own internal investigations and review. Moreover, we expect to continue to incur costs
(incremental to the $126 million of costs incurred in fiscal 2016 and the costs incurred in prior years) in conducting our on-going review and investigations and in
responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection with the government investigations and in
defending the existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits and any governmental proceedings that are instituted against us or any of our current or former
officers. These matters may require the involvement of certain members of our senior management that could impinge on the time they have available to devote to
other matters relating to our business. We also expect that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest, including additional news articles from media
publications on these matters that could impact the perception of our role as a corporate citizen among certain audiences. Our process of assessing and responding
to the governmental investigations and the shareholder lawsuits continues. While we believe that it is probable that we will incur a loss from these matters, given
the on—going nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, we cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these
matters. Although we do not presently believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, given the inherent uncertainties in such
situations, we can provide no assurance that these matters will not be material to our business in the future.
IIEMJB. IINRE S QLXEDTSIAEFiCQMMENIS
None.
25