maturity of ten (10) years, as of the first business day of January preceding such Plan Year, plus two hundred seventy
(270) basis points. This rate shall be determined on the basis of Federal Reserve Statistical Release H-15 (or any
successor statistical release of the Federal Reserve) and, if there is no such statistical release, on the basis of such
other generally recognized source of information concerning the market for United States Treasury securities as the
Committee selects.
ARTICLE V.
PAYMENT OF PLAN BENEFITS
5.1 Scheduled In-Service Beneﬁts.
(a) In—Service Benefits. Each of a Participant’s Scheduled In—Service Accounts will be distributed in a lump sum within
the 90-day period commencing on the Scheduled Pay Date applicable to such Scheduled In—Service Account. The
lump sum amount will be the value of the applicable Participant’s Scheduled In—Service Account as of the Scheduled
Pay Date.
(b) Intervening Separation or Death. Notwithstanding the preceding, should an event occur prior to the Scheduled Pay
Date of any Scheduled In—Service Account that would trigger a distribution under Section 5.2 or 5.3 earlier than the
Scheduled Pay Date, such Scheduled In—Service Account or Accounts shall be distributed in accordance with Section
5.2 or 5.3, as applicable, and not in accordance with Section 5.1(a).
5.2 Separation Beneﬁts.
(a) Separation Benefits. In the event of a Participant’s Separation from Service, the Participant’s Scheduled In—Service
Accounts will be distributed in a lump sum under Section 5 .2(b) and the Participant’s Retirement Accounts will be
distributed in one of the forms provided in Section 5.2(b) or 5.2(c) below in accordance with the Participant’s
distribution election given effect under the provisions of Section 5.4 with respect to each such Retirement Account.
(b) Lump Sum Distributions.
(1) Any lump sum to be paid under this Section 5 .2(b) shall be paid within the 90-day period commencing on the
Participant’s Separation Pay Date.
(2) The lump sum amount will be the value of the Participant’s Account, or Retirement Account, as applicable, as
of the last day of the month preceding the date of the distribution.
(0) Installment Distributions.
(1) If a Participant’s Retirement Account is to be distributed in the form of annual installments, the first such
installment shall be made within the 90-
15