processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost,
by contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents
herein on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Status and
career with the Employer will not be adversely affected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that
Walmart would not be able to grant RSUs or other Plan Awards to you or administer or maintain such Plan Awards. Therefore, you
understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the
consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources
representative.
16. cheriBrovisionsn
A. Determinations regarding this Agreement (including, but not limited to, whether an event has occurred resulting in
the for_fe1ture of or accelerated vestlng of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock) shall be. made by the Commlttee 1n 1ts sole and
exclus1ve discretronand 1n accordance w1th thls Agreement and the Plan, and all determmatlons of the Commlttee shall be ﬁnal and
concluswe and b1nd1ng on you and your successors and he1rs.
B._ Walmart reserves the right to amend, abandon or terminate the Plan, including this Agreement, at any time subject
to Commltteerapproval. Nothmg 1n the Plan should be construed as to create any expectatlons that the an Wlll be 1n force and effect
for an 1ndef1n1te perlod of time nor shall give use to any cla1ms to acqulred r1ghts or s1m11ar legal theorles.
C. The Committee will administer the Plan. .The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and
may b3 made by the Commlttee selectlvely among rec1p1ents and e11g1ble Assoc1ates, whether or not such persons are s1m11arly
Sltuate .
D. By accepting this Agreement, you agree to provide any information reasonably requested from time to time.
. r E. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conﬂict of law
prov1510ns.
.F. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or
otherw1se unenforceable, 1n whole or 1n part, the rema1n1ng prov1s10ns shall nevertheless be b1nd1ng and enforceable.
G. If you receive this Agreement or any other documentsrrelated to your Plan Award or the Plan translated into a
language other than Engl1sh, and 1f the mean1ng of the translated vers1on 1s different than the Engllsh vers10n, the Engllsh language
vers1on of such document Wlll control.
H. . Walmart may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the
Plan by electronlc means. You hereby consent to recelve such. documents by electronic dellvery and agree to part1c1pate 1n the Plan
through an on-llne or electronlc system establlshed and ma1nta1ned by Walmart or a th1rd party des1gnated by Walmart.
9