(2) Scheduled In-Service Account means a bookkeeping account maintained on behalf of a Participant to which the
Participant’s Deferral Account may be allocated pursuant to the election of the Participant in accordance with Section
3.5. The number of Scheduled In—Service Accounts a Participant may have under the Plan at any time shall be
determined by the Committee or its delegate.
(aa) Scheduled Pay Date means, with respect to each Scheduled In—Service Account, the first day of a calendar month
designated by the Participant in accordance with Section 3.5. In no event shall such date be earlier than the first day
of the second Plan Year beginning after the Plan Year for which Deferral Credits are first allocated to such Scheduled
In—Service Account. Once selected, the Scheduled Pay Date with respect to any Scheduled In—Service Account is
irrevocable. If a Participant fails to designate a Scheduled Pay Date with respect to a Scheduled In—Service Account,
then the Participant is deemed to have designated as the Scheduled Pay Date for such Scheduled In—Service Account
the first day of the second Plan Year beginning after the Plan Year for which Deferral Credits are first allocated to
such Scheduled In—Service Account.
(bb) Separation from Service means the Participant has a termination of employment (other than on account of death)
with the Company. For purposes of this paragraph, “Company” means the Employer and any Related Affiliate.
Whether a termination of employment has occurred shall be determined based on whether the facts and circumstances
indicate the Participant and the Company reasonably anticipate that no further services will be performed by the
Participant for the Company, provided, however, that a Participant shall be deemed to have a termination of
employment if the level of services he or she actually performs for the Company after a certain date permanently
decreases to no more than twenty percent (20%) of the average level of bona fide services performed for the
Company by the Participant (whether as an employee or independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-
month period (or the full period of services for the Company if the Participant has been providing services to the
Company for less than 36 months). For this purpose, a Participant is not treated as having a Separation from Service
while he or she is on a military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, if the period of such leave does
not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Participant has a right to reemployment with the Company
under an applicable statute or by contract. This definition of Separation from Service is intended to be consistent with
the separation from service requirements as defined in Code Section 409A.
(cc) Separation Pay Date means the last day of the calendar month in which falls the date that is six (6) months after a
Participant’s Separation from Service.
(dd) Special Bonus means a bonus, other than a bonus payable under the MIP, that is payable to an Eligible Officer with
respect to services rendered or to be rendered for an Employer and that is eligible for deferral under the Plan either
because (1) the bonus is payable pursuant to an offer letter accepted in writing by the
5