7. Administrative,S,usp,ension,. If you are subject to an administrative suspension, vesting of your Performance Units may be
suspended as of the date you are placed on administrative suspens10n: If you are not reinstated asan Associate in good standing at
the end of the administrative suspenSIOn period, your Performance Units may be immediatefiy forfeited and you shall have no further
rights With respect to such Performance Units or the underlying Shares. If you are reinstate as an Ass001ate in good standing at the
end of the administrative suspens10n period, then the vesting 0 your Performance Un1ts will resume as prov1ded in Paragraph 5, and
any Performance Unitsthat would have vested while you_were on administrative suspensmn Will vest. and the corresponding number
of Shares will be delivered .to you as soon as administratively feas1ble, but in any event Within 74 days of the end of the
administrative suspenSIOn period Which shall be cons1dered the Vesting Date for purposes of this Paragraph 7.
8. Accelerated Vesting, Vesting Notwithstanding Termination of Continuous _ Status by Death or Disability:.. Your
Performance Units Wlll vest earlier. than described in Paragraph 5.A. above, and such earlier vesting date shall also be cons1dered a
Vesting Date under the followmg Circumstances:
A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your Disability, you will become vested in a number of Shares equal to
the number of Shares that Would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Continuous Status as an Associate
continued through the Vesting Date described in Paragraph 5.A, prorated based upon the number of full calendar months
during the PerformancePeriod in which fyou had Continuous Status. “Disability? for the purpose of this Agreement means,
unless prov1ded otherw1se by a policy o Walmart, a phys1cal or mental condition resulting from bodily. injury, disease or
mental disorder that constitutes total disability under. applicable laws and regulations, for which disability benefits have
actually been approved. It is your respons1bility to notify the Walmart Global Equity team in the event you terminate due to
Disabi ity.
B. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your death on or after ten years of service, you will become vested in a
number of Shares equal to the number of Shares that. would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Continuous
Status continued through the Vesting Date described in Paragraph 5.A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your death
before you have completed ten years of serVice, you Will become vested in a number of Shares equal to thenumber of Shares
that would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Continuous Status as an Assoc1ate continued through the
Vesting Date described in Paragraph 5.A, prorated based upon the number of full calendar months during the Performance
Period (as shown above) in which you had Continuous Status.
In the event of accelerated vesting under this Paragraph 8, the vested Shares, as determined above, shall be delivered as soon
as administratively feasible after the later of the Vesting Date or the Committee’s determination of whether, and the extent to Which,
the performance goals described in Paragraph 5.A have been satisfied.
9. Perm anentlransfersBetweenﬂ almartandM/i almartAffi li ate s,.
A. PermanentnTransfersiandiContinuouS,S,tatus,. For the avoidance of doubt, a permanent transfer of Continuous
Status from Walmart, or the Employer (if different), to another Affiliate or from an Affiliate to Walmart does not constitute a
termination of your Continuous Status.
5