Table of Contents
On November 14, 2007 , the trial judge entered a final judgment in the approximate amount of $188 million , which included the jury's back-pay award plus
statutory penalties, prejudgment interest and attorneys' fees. By operation of law, post-judgment interest accrues on the judgment amount at the rate of six percent
per annum from the date of entry of the judgment, which was November 14, 2007 , until the judgment is paid, unless the judgment is set aside on appeal. On
December 7, 2007 , the Company ﬁled its Notice of Appeal. On June 10, 2011 , the Pennsylvania Superior Court of Appeals issued an opinion upholding the trial
court's certiﬁcation of the class, the jury's back pay award, and the awards of statutory penalties and prejudgment interest, but reversing the award of attorneys'
fees. On September 9, 2011 , the Company ﬁled a Petition for Allowance of Appeal with the Pennsylvania Supreme Court. On July 2, 2012 , the Pennsylvania
Supreme Court granted the Company's Petition. On December 15, 2014, the Pennsylvania Supreme Court issued its opinion affirming the Superior Court of
Appeals’ decision. At that time, the Company recorded expenses of $249 million for the judgment amount and post-judgment interest incurred to date. The
Company will continue to accrue for the post-judgment interest until final resolution. However, the Company continues to believe it has substantial factual and
legal defenses to the claims at issue, and, on March 13, 2015, the Company ﬁled a petition for writ of certiorari with the US. Supreme Court. On April 20, 2015,
the plaintiffs filed their response in opposition and on May 4, 2015, the Company ﬁled its reply brief.
ASDA Equal Value Claims: ASDA Stores, Ltd. ("ASDA"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is a defendant in over 7,000 "equal value" claims that are
proceeding before an Employment Tribunal in Manchester (the "Employment Tribunal") in the United Kingdom ("UK") on behalf of current and former ASDA
store employees, who allege that the work performed by female employees in ASDA's retail stores is of equal value in terms of, among other things, the demands
of their jobs to that of male employees working in ASDA's warehouse and distribution facilities, and that the disparity in pay between these different job positions
is not objectively justiﬁed. Claimants are requesting differential back pay based on higher wage rates in the warehouse and distribution facilities and those higher
wage rates on a prospective basis as part of these equal value proceedings. ASDA believes that further claims may be asserted in the near future. On March 23,
2015, ASDA asked the Employment Tribunal to stay all proceedings, contending that the High Court, which is the superior ﬁrst instance civil court in the UK that
is headquartered in the Royal Courts of Justice in the City of London, is the more convenient and appropriate forum to hear these claims. On March 23, 2015,
ASDA also asked the Employment Tribunal to "strike out" substantially all of the claims for failing to comply with Employment Tribunal rules. On July 23, 2015,
the Employment Tribunal denied ASDA's requests to stay all proceedings and to "strike out" substantially all of the claims. On September 2, 2015, ASDA ﬁled a
Notice of Appeal with the Employment Appeal Tribunal seeking to appeal both rulings. On October 14, 2015, the Employment Appeal Tribunal denied ASDA's
requests for an appeal. Following additional argument and proceedings, the issue of "strike out" and the scope of Employment Tribunal Rules are subject of further
appellate review by the Employment Appeal Tribunal but the request to appeal the stay issue was denied by the Employment Appeal Tribunal. On March 8, 2016,
ASDA ﬁled a notice of appeal with the Court of Appeals seeking to appeal the Employment Appeal Tribunal's decision to disallow an appeal of the stay issue. At
present, the Company cannot predict the number of such claims that may be ﬁled, and cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from
these proceedings. The Company believes it has substantial factual and legal defenses to these claims, and intends to defend the claims vigorously.
48