or (5) withholding for the payment of employment taxes or income taxes with respect to the Participant.
(q) 401(k) Plan means the Walmart 401(k) Plan and the Walmart Puerto Rico 401(k) Plan, as amended from time to
time.
(r) Gross Misconduct means conduct engaged in by the Participant which has been deemed by the Committee or its
delegate to be detrimental to the best interests of Walmart or any Related Affiliate or any entity in which Walmart has
an ownership interest. Examples of such conduct include, without limitation, disclosure of confidential information in
violation of Walmart’s Statement of Ethics, theft, the commission of a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude,
gross misconduct or similar serious offenses.
(s) Matching Account means the bookkeeping account maintained on behalf of a Participant to reﬂect his or her
Employer Matching Contribution Credits.
(t) MIP means the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Management Incentive Plan, as amended from time to time, without regard to
any non-U.S. subplans.
(u) Participant means any individual for whom an Account is maintained. An individual will cease to be a Participant at
such time that the Participant’s Account has been fully distributed or forfeited in accordance with the Plan.
(v) Plan means the Walmart Deferred Compensation Matching Plan, as set forth herein, and as amended from time to
time.
(w) Plan Year means the twelve (12)-month period commencing on February 1 and ending on January 31.
(X) Related Afﬁliate means all persons with whom Walmart would be considered a single employer under Code Sections
414(b) and 414(c), except that in applying Code Sections 1563(a)(l), (2) and (3) for purposes of determining a
controlled group of corporations under Code Section 414(b), the language “at least 50 percent” shall be used instead
of “at least 80 percent” in each place it appears in Code Sections 1563(a)(1), (2) and (3), and in applying Treas. Regs.
Sec. 1.414(c)-2 for purposes of determining a controlled group of trades or businesses under Code Section 414(0), the
language “at least 50 percent” shall be used instead of “at least 80 percent” in each place it appears in Treas. Regs.
Sec. 1.414(c)—2.
(y) Retirement Account means a bookkeeping account maintained on behalf of a Participant to which the Participant’s
Deferral Account and Matching Account may be allocated pursuant to the election or deemed election of the
Participant in accordance with Section 3.5. The number of Retirement Accounts a Participant may have under the
Plan at any time shall be determined by the Committee or its delegate.
4