Committee in its discretion, and, in the case of an Incentive Stock Option, shall be determined at the time of grant.
6.3 Exercise of Options. An Option shall be deemed to be exercised when the person entitled to exercise the Option gives notice
of exercise to Walmart in accordance with the Option’s terms and Walmart receives full payment for the Shares as to which the
Option is exercised or other provision for such payment is made in accordance with rules and procedures established by the
Committee from time to time. Except with respect to Incentive Stock Options, such rules and procedures may include procedures for
a “net-share settlement” method of exercise, under which, subject to the method requirements in the rules and procedures, the
Recipient provides an irrevocable notice of exercise of the Option and Walmart retains a number of Shares sufficient to cover the
exercise price and the minimum required withholding, and delivers the net number of Shares to the Recipient. In addition, if
determined by the Committee in its discretion, which may be applied differently among Recipients or Plan Awards, an Option will
be deemed exercised by the Recipient (or in the event of the death of the Recipient then by the person authorized to exercise the
Recipient’s Option under Section 11.6) on the expiration date of the Option, or if the NYSE is not open on the expiration date, on the
last day prior to the expiration date on which the NYSE is open, using a net share settlement method of exercise to the extent that as
of such expiration date the Option is vested and exercisable and the per Share exercise price of the Option is below the Fair Market
Value of a Share on such expiration date.
6.4 Termination of Employment. If a Recipient’s Continuous Status is terminated for any reason other than Cause, the Recipient
may exercise Options that are not subject to Restrictions as of the termination date to the extent set out in the Recipient’s Notice of
Plan Award. Incentive Stock Options may be exercised only within 60 days (or other period of time determined by the Committee at
the time of grant of the Option and not exceeding 3 months) after the date of the termination (but in no event later than the expiration
date of the term of that Option as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award), and only to the extent that Recipient was entitled to exercise
the Incentive Stock Option at the date of that termination. To the extent the Recipient is not entitled to or does not exercise an Option
at the date of that termination or within the time specified herein or in the Notice of Plan Award, the Option shall terminate. In
addition, the Recipient’s right to exercise Options will be tolled pending any period initiated by the Committee to determine the
existence of Cause with respect to the Recipient regardless of whether the commencement of such period is prior to, coincident with,
or subsequent to the termination of the Recipient’s Continuous Status. If the Committee determines there is no Cause, then the
tolling period will end and the Recipient’s right to exercise Options will be reinstated; provided, however, in no event will the
exercise date of an Option be later than the earlier of (a) 90 days following the termination of the Recipient’s Continuous Status plus
the tolling period, or (b) the expiration date of the Option as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award. Notwithstanding any provision in
the Plan to the contrary, an Associate’s Continuous Status is not terminated for purposes of the Associate’s Options if immediately
upon the termination of the Associate’s employment relationship with Walmart or an Affiliate the Associate becomes a Non-
Management Director.
6.5 Administrative Suspension from Employment. During a period for which the Recipient is subject to administrative
suspension from employment, the Recipient’s right to exercise Options will be suspended. If upon the conclusion of the
administrative suspension the Recipient returns to employment, then the Recipient’s right to exercise Options will be reinstated