vest and the corresponding number of Shares will be delivered to you as soon as administratively feasible, but in any event within 74
days of the end of the administrative suspension period which shall be considered the Vesting Date for purposes of this Paragraph 7.
8. AcceleratedJlesting;m\lesting,No,twithstanding;[erminationiofiContinuousfStatusfbyiDeathioriDisability;. Your
Performance Units wrll vest earlrer. than descrlbed 1n Paragraph 5.A. above, and such earlier vestlng date shall also be cons1dered a
Vestlng Date under the followrng olrcumstances:
A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your Disability, you will become vested in a number of Shares equal to
the number of Shares that would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Continuous Status as an Associate
cont1nued through the Vesting Date described 1n Paragraph 5.A, prorated based upon the number of full calendar months
dur1ng the Performance Perrod 1n wh1ch you had Cont1nuous Status. “D1sab111ty” for the purpose of thls Agreement means,
unless provided otherwise by a policy of Walmart, a physical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or
mental dlsorder that constitutes total drsabilrty under. appllcable laws and regulatlons, for wh1ch d1sa 111ty beneflts have
actually been approved. It 13 your respons1b111ty to not1fy the Walmart Global Equlty team 1n the event you terminate due to
Disability.
B. If Iyour Continuous Status is terminated by your death on or after ten years of service, you will become vested in a
number of ares equal to the number of Shares that. would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Cont1nuous
Status cont1nued through the Vestlng Date descrlbed 1n Paragraph 5.A. If your Cont1nuous Status 1s termlnated by your death
before you have completed ten years of service, you will become vested in a number of Shares equal to thenumber of Shares
that would have become vested under Paragraph 5.A had your Cont1nuous Status as an Assocrate cont1nued through the
Vestlng Date descrlbed 1n Paragraph 5.A, prorated based upon the number of full calendar months dur1ng the Performance
Period (as shown above) in which you had Continuous Status.
In the event of accelerated vesting under this Paragraph 8, the vested Shares, as determined above, shall be delivered as soon
as administratively feasible after the later of the Vesting Date or the Committee’s determination of whether, and the extent to which,
the performance goals described in Paragraph 5.A have been satisfied.
9. Permanentlransfers,B,etweenﬂalmart,andﬂalmartAffiliates,.
A. PermanenLTransfersiandiContianusiStatusi. For the avoidance of doubt, a permanent transfer of Continuous
Status from Walmart, or the Employer (if different), to another Affiliate or from an Affiliate to Walmart does not constitute a
termination of your Continuous Status.
B. Applicable Performance Measures and Goals Upon Permanent Transfer .
l. Incentive Year Prorated .when Permanent Transfer Occurs . If you permanently transfer your. Continuous
Status dur1ng the Performance Perlod, then the Performance Measures (including any appllcable we1ght1ngs thereof)
and Performance Goals for the Incentive Year in which you transferred Continuous Status will be prorated and/or
adjusted to reﬂect the proportlon of the Incentlve Year during wh1ch you prov1ded serv1ce to Walmart, or, if drfferent,
the Afﬁliate that 1n1t1a ly employed you (the “In1t1al
5