changes, the Committee shall have sole discretion to make changes without obtaining stockholder approval or reapproval.
(0) Whenever the Committee determines that it is advisable to grant or pay awards that do not qualify as Qualified Performance
Based Awards, the Committee may make grants or payments without satisfying the requirements of Code Section 162(m).
(d) The Committee may, but shall not be required to, establish rules and procedures providing for the automatic deferral of
Shares or other Plan payouts of Recipients who are Covered Employees as necessary to avoid a loss of deduction under Code
Section l62(m)(l).
11.3 Termination of Employment or Interruption or Termination of Continuous Status. Except as otherwise expressly set
forth in the Plan, the Committee shall determine the effect of the termination of an Associate’s employment, or a Recipient’s
disability or death, or any other interruption or termination of Continuous Status, on the lapse of any Restrictions contained in a Plan
Award made to the Recipient. During a period for which the Recipient is subject to administrative suspension, a Recipient’s right to
exercise or receive payment for any rights under any Plan Award or the vesting of any rights under any Plan Award shall be
suspended to the extent permitted under local law.
11.4 Forfeiture for Cause. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, any Recipient upon a finding of
“Cause” by the Committee shall forfeit all Plan Awards (and rights thereunder) granted under the Plan, whether or not vested or
otherwise exercisable.
11.5 Repayment Obligation.
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Plan, in the event the Committee or its delegate (which expressly
may include any officer of Walmart or a non-Associate third party (such as counsel to Walmart)) determines that a Recipient
has engaged in Gross Misconduct, then the Recipient shall forfeit all Plan Awards then outstanding, and the Recipient shall
repay to Walmart any payments received from Walmart with respect to any Plan Awards subsequent to the date which is
twenty-four (24) months prior to the date of the behavior serving as the basis for the finding of Gross Misconduct. Any
amount to be repaid by a Recipient pursuant to this Section 11.5 shall be held by the Recipient in constructive trust for the
benefit of Walmart and shall be paid by the Recipient to Walmart with interest at the prime rate (as published in TheiWall
Street Journal ) as of the date the Committee or its delegate determines the Recipient engaged in Gross Misconduct. The
amount to be repaid pursuant to this Section 11.5 shall be determined on a gross basis, without reduction for any taxes
incurred, as of the date of payment to the Recipient, and without regard to any subsequent change in the Fair Market Value of
a Share.
(b) If the Committee determines at any time that the Recipient of a Plan Award, prior to or within one year after the date of
settlement of such Plan Award, (A) engaged in any act the Committee deems inimical to the best interest of Walmart or an
Affiliate, (B) breached any restrictive covenant or confidentiality requirement to which the Recipient was subject; or (C)
otherwise failed to comply with applicable policies of Walmart or an Affiliate at all times prior to the settlement of the Plan
Award, the Recipient shall be obligated, upon demand, to return the amount paid or distributed in settlement of such Plan
Award to Walmart. In addition, all Plan Awards, whether or not previously settled,