thereto that expire, are forfeited or otherwise are no longer exercisable may be the subject of a new Plan Award.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) Shares already owned by a Recipient and used to pay all or a portion of the exercise price of
Shares subject to an Option, and (b) any other Shares reacquired by Walmart after such Shares have been issued (or, in the case of
Open Market Shares, have been delivered), other than Restricted Stock that is forfeited or reacquired by Walmart without lapse of
the Restrictions, shall not become Subject Shares to the extent such Shares are withheld, tendered, or reacquired by Walmart, or are
otherwise no longer exercisable. For avoidance of doubt, pursuant to the preceding sentence, (1) when Stock Appreciation Rights are
settled in shares, the full number exercised shall cease to be Subject Shares, (ii) when Options are “net exercised,” the full number
exercised shall cease to be Subject Shares, and (iii) shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations shall cease to be Subject
Shares.
3.2 Limits on Shares. No Recipient may be granted a Plan Award denominated in Shares with respect to a number of Shares in
any one Fiscal Year which when added to the Shares subject to any other Plan Award denominated in Shares granted to such
Recipient in the same Fiscal Year would exceed 2,000,000 Shares; provided, however, that if the Performance Period applicable to a
Plan Award exceeds twelve months, the 2,000,000 Share limit shall apply to each 12-month period in the Performance Period. If a
Plan Award denominated in Shares is cancelled, the cancelled Plan Award continues to count against the maximum number of
Shares for which a Plan Award denominated in Shares may be granted to a Recipient in any Fiscal Year. The Share limit shall be
adjusted to the extent necessary to reﬂect adjustments to Shares required by Section 11.9.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Non-Management Director may be granted a Plan Award denominated in Shares with respect to a
number of Shares in any one Fiscal Year which when added to the Shares subject to any other Plan Award denominated in Shares
granted to such Non-Management Director in the same Fiscal Year would exceed a Share value of $500,000; provided, however,
that if the Performance Period applicable to a Plan Award granted to a Non-Management Director exceeds twelve months, the
$500,000 limit shall apply to each 12-month period in the Performance Period. For sake of clarity, the $500,000 annual limit on
Shares subject to any Plan Award granted to a Non-Management Director applies to Options granted under Section 6.1, Stock
granted under Section 7.1, Restricted Stock granted under Section 7.2, Restricted Stock Units granted under Section 8.1, Stock
Appreciation Rights granted under Section 9.1, and Performance Units granted under Section 10.1, but shall not include any Shares
granted in lieu of cash compensation earned by a Non-Management Director or any Shares received by a Non-Management Director
in settlement a Plan Award pursuant to Sections 6.3, 7.4, 8.3, 9.5, and 10.6.
ADMINISTRATION
4.1 Administration. The Committee will administer the Plan and will grant all Plan Awards; provided that solely for purposes of
granting Plan Awards to Non-Management Directors, “Committee” shall mean the full Board. The Plan and Plan Awards to
Section 16 Persons shall be administered by the Committee in compliance with Rule 16b-3.
4.2 Duties and Powers. The Committee shall have these duties and powers as to the Plan:
(a) to establish rules, procedures, and forms governing the Plan;