L. no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Performance Units resulting
from the termination of your Continuous Status (for any reason whatsoever, whether or not later found to be invalid or in
breach of em loyment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your em loyment agreement, if any),
and in considgration of the grant of the Performance Units to which you are otherwise not entitlrbd, you irrevocably agree (i)
never to institute any claim against Walmart or any Affiliate; (ii) waive your ability, if any, to bring such claim, and (iii)
release Walmart and all Affiliates from such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of
competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, you shall be deemed 1rrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such
claim and agree to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim',
M. in the event of the termination of your Continuous Status (whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of
employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any), your right
to receive and vest in the Performance Un1ts under the Plan, if any, may terminate effective as of the date that you are no
longer actively providing services and may not be extended by any notice period under local law ( e.g. , your period of
service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of “garden leave” or similar period mandated under
employment laws in the jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of your employment agreement, if any); the
Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when you are no longer actively employed for purposes of this
Agreement (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);
N. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by Walmart in its discretion, the Performance Units and the benefits
evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance Units or any such benefits transferred to,
or assumed by, another company nor to be exchanged, or substituted for, in connection With any corporate transaction
affecting the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and
0. if you are providing services outside of the United States: neither Walmart nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any
foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the
Performance Units or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Performance Units or the subsequent sale
of any Shares acquired upon settlement.
14. N,o,Adv,ic;e,RegardingAward,. Walmart and/or its Affiliates are not providing an tax, legal or financial advice, nor are
Walmart or any Affiliate making any recommendation regarding your participation in the Plan or the Shares underlying the
Performance Units acquired upon vesting. You are advised to consult with your personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding
the decision to participate in the Plan and before taking any action related to the Plan.
15. DataPrivacL. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, Walmart
and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your particzpation in the Plan. You
understand that Walmart and its Afﬁliates may hold certain personal information about you,
9