share of Stock shall be the average price of all shares of Stock purchased within that group as determined by the Account
Administrator.
.(d) No provision of this Plan shall limit the ability of the Committee to implement a real-time trading (or
other) mechanlsm for the purchase or sale of shares ofStock under the Plan and, to the extent determmed by the Committee, shall
replace any other methodology for valuing and allocating shares of Stock purchased or sold under the Plan.
4.3. Share Purchases for Non-U.S. Participants . With respect to non-U.S. Participants, the amounts (1) withheld from such a
Participant’s compensation pursuant to an authorization for Payroll Deduction or (2) contributed as either a Matching Contribution
or an Award Contribution made directly to a Participant’s Account shall be converted from the applicable foreign currency to US.
dollars for the purpose of purchasing shares of Stock, and such conversion shall be pursuant to the exchange rate published in The
Wall Street Journal on a date as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of the cash transfer from the Company or the
Participating Employer, as applicable, to the Account Administrator. All such Participants assume the risk of ﬂuctuations in the
value or market price of shares of Stock and applicable currency exchange rates. With respect to non-U.S. Participants making
Voluntary Contributions in cash, such amounts must be tendered to the Account Administrator in US. dollars unless otherwise
determined by the Committee.
4.4. Allocation to Accounts . The number of shares (whole and fractional shares) of Stock shall depend upon the purchase price as
described in Section 4.2 at the time such purchases are made. Purchases of Stock will be allocated by the Account Administrator
based upon the applicable purchase price to each applicable Participant’s Account in proportion to the respective amount of
Contributions received for each Participant’s Account. Allocations of Stock will be made in full shares and in fractional interests in
shares to the thousandths of a share.
4.5. ShareiOwnership: . At the time shares of Stock are credited to a Participant’s Account, he or she will acquire full ownership of
all such shares (as well as any fractional interests) of Stock.
(a) All shares of Stock will be registered in the name of the Account Administrator and will remain so
registered until delivery is reghuested by the Participant. The Participant may request from the Account Administrator that a
certificate for any or all full s ares of Stock be delivered to the Part101pant at no cost to such PartICipant at any t1me.
. (b) O The Account Administrator shall cause to be delivered at no cost to each Participant as promptly as.
pract1cable, by mall or otherw1se, all notices of meetmgs, proxy statements and other materlal distrlbuted y the Company to Its
stockholders._ The full shares of Stock in each Participant’s Account shall be votedin accordance with the Participant’s signed proxy
Instructions t1mely dellvered to the Account Admimstrator. In the event that a PartIClpant does not t1mely prov1de the Account
Admlnlstrator wrth proxy vot1ng 1nstruct1ons, the Account AdminIStrator may direct the vot1ng of such shares of Stock held 1n an
Account to the extent such action or direction would comply with applicable law and any applicable listing standards of a national
stock exchange.
6