and no additional Stock shall be issued under this Section 6.2 of the Award Program on or after such date.
6.3. Outstanding Performance Component . An “Outstanding Performance” award is an award of Stock to an Associate in
recognition of the individual’s consistently outstanding performance in his or her specific job-related roles over a month, a quarter,
or a year.
(a) . Associates who receive “Outstanding Performance” awards may either be issued certificates for shares of
Stock or, at the discretlon of the Committee, the Company (or Part1c1pat1ng Employer) may have the Account Adm1n1strator
purchase shares of Stock to be credlted to the Part1c1pant’s Account as described 1n Section 3.6 of the Plan.
. (b) “Outstanding Performance” awards are either approved directly by the Committee or by its delegate in
accordance with rules and procedures established by the Commlttee, and are subject to 1nd1v1dual maX1mum dollar 11m1tatlons as set
by the Commlttee from time to time.
VII. ADMINISTRATION
7.1. Committee.
(a) Subject to Section 7.2, the Plan shall be administered by the Committee.
. (b) The Committee may delegate to officers or managers of the Company or any Affiliate the authority,
subject to such terms as the Committee shall determlne, to perform specified functlons under the Plan. The Commrttee also may
revoke any such delegatlon of authority at any time.
7.2. Powerspfitheﬁommittee,. Subject to and consistent with the provisions of the Plan, the Committee has full and final
authority and sole discretion as follows:
(a) to determine when, to whom and in what types and amounts Contributions should be made;
_ (b2l . to make Contributions to eligible Associates in any number, and to determine the terms and conditions
applicable to eac Contr1bution;
(c) to determine whether any terms and conditions applicable to a Contribution have been satisfied;
(d) to set minimum and maximum dollar, share or other limitations on the various types of Contributions
under the Plan;
. _ (e) . to determine whether an Affiliate should be designated as a Participating Employer and whether an
Afflliate’s Particlpatlng Employer status should be termlnated;
10