B. _Walmart reserves the right to amend, abandon or terminate the Plan, including this Agreement, at any time‘subj ect
to Commlttee approval. .Nothmg 1n the Plan should be construed as to create any expectatlons that the Plan Wlll. be 1n force
and effect for an indefinite perlod of t1me nor shall g1ve use to any cla1ms to acqu1red rights or s1m11ar legal theories.
C. The Committee will administer the Plan. The committee’s determinations _under the Plan need not be uniform and
may be made by the Commlttee select1vely among re01p1ents and eligible Assomates, whether or not such persons are
s1m11arly Situated.
D. Walmart reserves the right to amend any applicable Performance Measures (including any weightings thereof)
and/or Performance Goals for any Plan Award under th1s Agreement. In such a. case, any amendments will be communrcated
to you 1n wrltmg (whlch may mclude a communicatlon transmltted by electron1c means, such as an e-mall communlcatlon or
a commumcatlon posted onlme for your rev1ew).
B. By accepting this Agreement, you agree to provide any information reasonably requested from time to time.
F. r r This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conﬂict of law
pI‘OVISlOIlS.
G. _ The provisions .of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or
otherw1se unenforceable, in whole or 1n part, the rema1n1ng prov1s1ons shall nevertheless be b1nd1ng and enforceable.
H. If you receive this Agreement or any other documents related to your Plan Award or the Plan translated into a
language other than Englrsh, and 1f the meanmg of the translated vers10n 1s d1fferent than the Engllsh vers10n, the Englrsh
language vers10n of such document wrll control.
I. Walmart may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to your current or future participation
1n the Plan. by electron1c means. You. hereby consent to rece1ve such documents. by_ electron1c del1very and agree to
partICIpate 1n the Plan through an on—line or electronic system established and malntamed by Walmart or a th1rd party
des1gnated by Walmart.
J. Walmart reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on your Plan Award and
the Shares underlylng the Performance Unlts awarded pursuant to this Agreement, to the extent walmart determines it is
necessary or adv1sable for legal or adm1n1st_rat1ve reasons, and to requlre you to s1gn any addltlonal agreements or
undertaklngs that may be necessary to accompllsh the foregomg.
K. You acknowledge that a. waiver by Walmart or_an Afﬁliate of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall
not operate or be construed as a wa1ver of any other prov1s1ons of the Plan or th1s Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by
you or any other Assomate.
L. . You understand that your country may have insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect your ability
to acquire or sell Shares under the Plan during such
1 1