(f) to determine whether Associates of non-U.S. Participating Employers should be eligible to participate in
the Plan;
(g) to construe and interpret the Plan and to make all determinations, including factual determinations,
necessary or adVISable for the admmlstratlon of the Plan,
_ . (h) to make, amend, suspend, waive_and rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan (including, but not
11m1ted to, _such rules and regulatlons that wou d allow des1gnatlons for beneflciarles and/or Jomt tenants to be made by Part1c1pants
in connectlon wrth Accounts under the Plan),
(i) to appoint such agents as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan,
(j) to correct any defect or supply any omission or reconcile any incpnsistencIy, and to construe and interipret
the Plan, the rules and regulatlons, and award agreements or any other 1nstrument entered 1nto or re at1ng to a Contr1but10n un er the
Plan; and
(k) to take any other action with respect to any matters relating to the Plan for which it is responsible and to
make all other decisions and determmatlons as may be requlred under the terms of the Plan or as the Commlttee may deem necessary
or adv1sable for the admlmstratlon of the Plan.
Any action of the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the
Company, its Affiliates, any Associate, any person claiming any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant, and
stockholders, except to the extent the Committee may subsequently modify, or take further action not consistent with, its prior
action. If not specified in the Plan, the time at which the Committee must or may make any determination shall be determined by the
Committee, and any such determination may thereafter be modified by the Committee. The express grant of any speciﬁc power to
the Committee, and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be construed as limiting any power or authority of the
Committee.
VIII. AMENDMENT & TERMINATION
8.1. Light to Amend or Terminate . The Board, or a duly authorized committee thereof, reserves the right to amend, modify,
suspend or discontinue the Plan at any time in its sole discretion without the approval of the Company’s stockholders, except that (a)
any amendment or modification shall be subject to the approval of the Company’s stockholders if such stockholder approval is
required by any federal or state law or regulation or the rules of any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which the
shares of Stock may then be listed or quoted, and (b) the Board may otherwise, in its discretion, determine to submit other such
amendments or modifications to stockholders for approval.
1 1