conditioned upon your execution and delivery to Walmart of a Post Termination Agreement and Covenant Not to Compete, in a
form to be provided to you by Walmart. If applicable, the failure to execute and deliver such Post Termination Agreement and
Covenant Not to Compete shall also be deemed a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of this Agreement. Upon the occurrence of a
Forfeiture Condition, you shall have no further rights with respect to such RSUs (including any cash dividends related to the RSUs
for which the record date occurs on or after the date of the forfeiture) or the underlying Shares.
7. Administrative Suspension . If you are subject to an administrative suspension, vesting of your RSUs may be suspended as
of the date you are placed on administrative suspension. If you are not reinstated as an Associate in good standing at the end of the
administrative suspens10n ineriod, your RSUs may be immediately forfeited and you shall have no further rights with respect to such
RSUs or the underlying S ares. If you are reinstated as an Ass001ate in good standing at the end of the administrative suspenSion
period, then the vesting of your RSUs will resume as provided in Paragraph , and any RSUs that would have vested while you were
on administrative suspens10n Wlll vest and the number of Shares corresponding to the vested RSUs Wlll be delivered to you as soon
as administratively feas1ble, but in any event Within 74 days of the end of the administrative suspens1on period which shall be
considered the Vesting Date for purposes of this Paragraph 7.
8. . Acceleratedﬂestiﬂg;Xesting,Notwithstandinglermination,of,C,ontinuous,Status,by,Death,or,Disability:. Your RSUs will
vest earlier than described in Paragraph 5 above, and such earlier vesting date shall also be cons1dered a Vesting Date, under the
following circumstances:
A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your Disability, your RSUs that would have become vested on a
Vesting Date no more than 90 days after your Continuous Status isiso terminated will become vested on the date your
Continuous Status is so terminated. “Disability’_’ for the purpose of this Agreement means, unless prov1ded otherw1seiby a
policy of Walmart, a phySical or mental condition resulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder that constitutes
total disability under applicable laws and regulations, for which disability benefits have actually been approved. It is your
respons1bility to notify Global Equity in the event you terminate due to Disability; or
B2 _ If your Continuous Status is terminated by reason .of your death on_ or after ten years of service or on or after the
third anniversary of the Grant Date, then your unvested Restricted Stock shall immediately become fully vested.
For purposes of this Paragraph 8, your Continuous Status will be considered terminated on the date of death or the date on
which your employment or other service relationship has been legally terminated by reason of Disability.
9. Deferral .
A. Mandatory Deferral. If Walmart reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares upon the vesting of the RSUs in
any year would, wheniconsiidered with your other compensation, result in Walmart’s inability to deduct the value of such
Shares because of the limitation on deductible compensation under Section 162(m) of the Code, then
3