Table of Contents
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
Note 1. Summary of Signiﬁcant Accounting Policies
General
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart" or the "Company") helps people around the world save money and live better — anytime and anywhere — in retail stores or
through the Company's e-commerce and mobile capabilities. Through innovation, the Company is striving to create a customer-centric experience that seamlessly
integrates digital and physical shopping. Each week, the Company serves nearly 260 million customers who visit its over 11,500 stores under 63 banners in 28
countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. The Company's strategy is to lead on price, invest to differentiate on access, be competitive on assortment and
deliver a great experience.
The Company's operations comprise three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club.
Principles of Consolidation
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Walmart and its subsidiaries as of and for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 ("ﬁscal 2016 "),
January 31, 2015 ("ﬁscal 2015 ") and January 31, 2014 ("fiscal 2014 "). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation. Investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which are 50% or less owned and do not otherwise meet consolidation requirements, are accounted for
primarily using the equity method. These investments are immaterial to the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.
The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements are based on a fiscal year ending on January 31, for the United States ("US") and Canadian operations. The
Company consolidates all other operations generally using a one-month lag and based on a calendar year. There were no significant intervening events during
January 2016 that materially affected the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Use of Estimates
The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with US. generally accepted accounting principles. Those principles require
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities. Management's estimates and assumptions also affect the
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
Actual results may differ from those estimates.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
The Company considers investments with a maturity when purchased of three months or less to be cash equivalents. All credit card, debit card and electronic
benefits transfer transactions that process in less than seven days are classified as cash and cash equivalents. The amounts due from banks for these transactions
classified as cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.4 billion and $2.9 billion at January 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. In addition, cash and cash equivalents
included restricted cash of $362 million and $345 million at January 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, which was primarily related to cash collateral holdings from
various counterparties, as required by certain derivative and trust agreements.
The Company's cash balances are held in various locations around the world. Of the Company's $8.7 billion and $9.1 billion of cash and cash equivalents at
January 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively, $4.5 billion and $6.3 billion , respectively, were held outside of the US. and were generally utilized to support liquidity
needs in the Company's non-US. Operations.
The Company uses intercompany financing arrangements in an effort to ensure cash can be made available in the country in which it is needed with the minimum
cost possible. Management does not believe it will be necessary to repatriate earnings held outside of the US. and anticipates the Company's domestic liquidity
needs will be met through cash ﬂows provided by operating activities, supplemented with long-term debt and short—term borrowings. Accordingly, the Company
intends, with only certain exceptions, to continue to indefinitely reinvest the Company's earnings held outside of the US. in our foreign operations. When the
income earned, either from operations or through intercompany financing arrangements, and indefinitely reinvested outside of the US. is taxed at local country tax
rates, which are generally lower than the US. statutory rate, the Company realizes an effective tax rate benefit. If the Company's intentions with respect to
reinvestment were to change, most of the amounts held within the Company's foreign operations could be repatriated to the US, although any repatriation under
current US. tax laws would be subject to US. federal income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. The Company does not expect local laws, other limitations
or potential taxes on anticipated future repatriations of earnings held outside of the US. to have a material effect on the Company's overall liquidity, financial
condition or results of operations.
As of January 31, 2016 and 2015 , cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.1 billion and $1.7 billion , respectively, may not be freely transferable to the US.
due to local laws or other restrictions.
3 1