interpretations by the Committee upon any disputes or questions arising under the Plan, including whether, and the extent to which,
the Performance Measures and Performance Goals referred to in Paragraph 5 have been satisfied.
3. ﬁgment. You are not required to pay for the Performance Units or the Shares underlying Performance Units granted to
you pursuant to this Agreement.
4. S,to,ckhol,der,Rights,. Unless and until your Performance Units vest and the underlying Shares have been delivered to you:
A. You do not have the right to vote the Shares underlying your Performance Units;
B. You will not receive, or be entitled to receive, cash or any non-cash dividends on the Performance Units or the
Shares underlying the Performance Units; and
C. You will not have any other beneficial rights as a shareholder of Walmart due to the Performance Units. Upon
receipt of the Shares, however, you will be accorded the same rights and respons1b111t1es as any shareholder of Walmart, and
will be provided with information regarding Walmart that is provided to all other shareholders of Walmart.
5. Yesting,ofithePerformanc,e,Units,and,Delivery,of,Shares,.
A. IncentiveiYearsiand,Achievementjiatesi. The Committee establishes the Performance Goals and Performance
Measures applicable to your Performance Units. You will be informed of the fperformance cr1ter1a ap llcable to your
Performance Units in respect of each fiscal year of Walmart or, if different, the Af 111ate that employs you ghe "Employer")
during the Performance Period. Each such fiscal year during the Performance Period is referred to in this Agreement as an
“Incentive Year.” The Performance Measures (including any applicable _weight1ngs thereof) and Performance Goals as set
forth in such separate writing are hereby incorporated by reference 1nto thls Agreement.
The number of Performance Units that ultimately may vest and, accordingly, the Shares that may be delivered to you shall
depend upon the degree to which the Performance Goals have been achieved, as determined by the Committee in accordance
with the Plan, for each Performance Measure during each Incentive Year of the Performance Period. With respect to each
applicable Performance Measure during an Incentive Year:
1. “Threshold” performance means the achievement of the lowest possible Performance Goal established by the
Committee;
2. “Target” performance means the achievement of the Performance Goal established by the Committee; and
3. “Maximum” performance means the highest possible achievement of the Performance Goal established by the
Committee.
An achievement rate is determined for each Performance Measure applicable to your Plan Award in respect of each Incentive
Year of the Performance Period. The achievement rate value applied to each weighted Performance Measure during an
Incentive Year is
2