F. The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or
otherwise unenforceable, in whole or in part, the remaining provisions shall nevertheless be binding and enforceable.
G. If you receive this Agreement or any other documents related to your Plan Award or the Plan translated into a
language other than English, and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English language
version of such document will control.
H. Walmart may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the
Plan by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agree to participate in the Plan
through an on—line or electronic system established and maintained by Walmart or a third party designated by Walmart.
1. Walmart reserves the right to impose other requirements on your participation in the Plan, on your Plan Award, and
the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock, to the extent Walmart determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative
reasons and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing.
J. You acknowledge that a waiver by Walmart or an Affiliate of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any
other Associate.
K. You understand that your country may have insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect your
ability to acquire or sell Shares under the Plan during such times you are considered to have “inside information” (as defined in the
laws in your country). The restrictions applicable under these laws may be the same or different from Walmart’s insider trading
policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be informed of and compliant with such regulations, and any applicable
Walmart insider trading policy, and are advised to speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter.
L. You understand that you may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange control and/or tax reporting
requirements as a result of the acquisition, holding and/or transfer of Shares or cash (including dividends and the proceeds arising
from the sale of Shares) derived from your partici ation in the Plan in, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or legal entity
located outside your country. The applicable laws ofp the your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances
therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You acknowledge that
you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset/account, exchange control and tax reporting
requirements, and you are advised to consult your personal legal advisor on this matter.
M. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exem tion from
any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, Walmart shall not be required to dbliver any
Shares issuable upon vesting of the Restricted Stock prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Shares under
any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of
9