A. you shall have the right to vote the Shares underlying your Restricted Stock on any matter as to which Shares have
voting rights at any meeting of shareholders of Walmart;
B: . you shall have the right to receive, free of vesting restrictions (but subiiect to applicable Withholding taxes) all cash
d1v1dends paid With respect to such Shares underlying your Restricted Stock, an
C. O . any non-cash dividends and other non-cashlproceeds of such Shares underlying your Restricted Stock, including
stock d1v1dends and any other securities issued or d1str1 uted in respect of such Shares underlying your Restricted Stock shall
be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture conditions as are applicable to your Restricted Stock, and the termf‘Restricted
Stock,” as used in this Agreement, shall also. include any related stock d1v1dends and other securities issued or distributed in
respect of such Shares underlying your Restricted Stock.
5. Vesting of Restricted Stock and Delivery of Shares .
A. Yesting:. Your Restricted Stock Will vest as follows, provided you have not incurred a Forfeiture Condition
described below:
Percentage of
B. Delivery of Shares . Upon the vesting of your Restricted Stock, subject to Paragraph 9 below, you shall be entitled
to_receive a number. of Shares equal _to the number of vested Restricted Stock, less any Shares withheld or sold to satisfy tax
Withholding obligations as set forth in Paragraph 10 below. The Shares shall be delivered to you as soon as administratively
feaSible, but in any event Within 74 days of the Vesting Date. Such Shares Will be depOSIted into an account in your name
With a broker or other third party designated by Walmart. You will be responsible for all fees imposed by such designated
broker or other third party desrgnated by Walmart.
6. Forfeiture Conditions . Subject to Paragraph 8 below, the Shares underlying your Restricted Stock that would otherwise vest in
Whole or in part on a Vesting Date Will not vest and Will be immediately forfeited if, prior to the Vesting Date:
a. your Continuous Status terminates for any reason (other than death or Disability, to the extent provided in Paragraph
8 below); or
b. You have not executed and delivered to Walmart a Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use Agreement, in a form to be
provided to you by Walmart.
2