Table of Contents
Management's Report to Our Shareholders
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Management of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart," the "company" or "we") is responsible for the preparation, integrity and objectivity of Walmart's Consolidated
Financial Statements and other ﬁnancial information contained in this Annual Report to Shareholders. Those Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. In preparing those Consolidated Financial Statements, management is required to
make certain estimates and judgments, which are based upon currently available information and management's view of current conditions and circumstances.
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists solely of independent directors, oversees our process of reporting financial information and the
audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Audit Committee stays informed of the financial condition of Walmart and regularly reviews management's
ﬁnancial policies and procedures, the independence of our independent auditors, our internal control over financial reporting and the objectivity of our ﬁnancial
reporting. Both the independent auditors and the internal auditors have free access to the Audit Committee and meet with the Audit Committee regularly, both with
and without management present.
Acting through our Audit Committee, we have retained Ernst & Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, to audit our Consolidated Financial
Statements found in this Annual Report to Shareholders. We have made available to Ernst & Young LLP all of our financial records and related data in connection
with their audit of our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") the required certiﬁcations related
to our Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended January 31, 2016 . These certiﬁcations are attached as exhibits to our Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2016 . Additionally, we have also provided to the New York Stock Exchange the required annual certification of our
Chief Executive Officer regarding our compliance with the New York Stock Exchange's corporate governance listing standards.
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Management has responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of
January 31, 2016 . In making its assessment, management has utilized the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations ("COSO") of the
Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Management concluded that based on its assessment, Walmart's internal control over
ﬁnancial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2016 . The Company's internal control over ﬁnancial reporting as of January 31, 2016 , has been audited by
Ernst & Young LLP as stated in their report which appears in this Annual Report to Shareholders.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be timely disclosed is accumulated and
communicated to management in a timely fashion. Management has assessed the effectiveness of these disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2016 ,
and determined they were effective as of that date to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we ﬁle or submit
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, was accumulated and communicated to management, as appr0priate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms.
57