ExchangeIControLInformation,. If you transfer proceeds from the sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan into Argentina within
10 days of sale ( i. e. , if the proceeds have not been held in a US. bank or brokerage account for at least 10 days prior to transfer),
you must deposit 30% of the sale proceeds into a non-interest bearing account in Argentina for 365 days. If you have satisfied the 10
day holding obligation, the Argentine bank handling the transaction may request certain documentation in connection with your
request to transfer sale proceeds into Argentina, including evidence of the sale and proof of the source of funds used to purchase the
Shares. If the bank determines that the 10-day rule or any other rule or regulation promulgated by the Argentine Central Bank has
not been satisfied, it will require that 30% of the transfer amount be placed in a non-interest bearing dollar denominated mandatory
deposit account for a holding period of 365 days. You understand that you must comply with any and all Argentine currency
exchange restrictions, approvals and reporting requirements in connection with the RSUs and your participation in the Plan.
EoreignAssetZAccounLReportingInformation,. If you are an Argentine tax resident, you must report any Shares acquired under the
Plan and held by you on December 31st of each year on your annual tax return for that year.
BRAZIL
Terms and Conditions
ComplianceiwiththLaw,. By accepting the RSUs, you acknowledge your agreement to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and
to pay any and all applicable Tax-Related Items associated with the RSUs and the sale of any Shares acquired under the Plan.
LaboriLaw,Ackno,wledgement,. By accepting the RSUs, you agree that you are (i) making an investment decision, (ii) the Shares
will be issued to you only if the vesting conditions are met, and (iii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase
or decrease in value over the vesting period without compensation to you.
Notifications
Foreign Asset/Account Reporting Information . If you hold assets and rights outside Brazil with an aggregate value exceeding
US$100,000, you will be required to prepare and submit to the Central Bank of Brazil an annual declaration of such assets and
rights, including: (i) bank deposits; (ii) loans; (iii) financing transactions; (iv) leases; (v) direct investments, (vi) portfolio
investments, including Shares acquired under the Plan; (vii) financial derivatives investments; and (viii) other investments, including
real estate and other assets. Please note that foreign individuals holding Brazilian visas are considered Brazilian residents for
purposes of this reporting requirement and must declare at least the assets held abroad that were acquired subsequent to the date of
admittance as a resident of Brazil. Individuals holding assets and rights outside Brazil valued at less than US$100,000 are not
required to submit a declaration. Please note that the US$lO0,000 threshold may be changed annually.
2