In—Service Accounts and one or more Retirement Accounts to the extent authorized hereunder and as elected or
deemed elected by the Participant in accordance with Section 3.5. A Participant’s Matching Account will be allocated
to either or both of the Participant’s Retirement Accounts as elected or deemed elected by the Participant in
accordance with Section 3.5.
(b) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.
(c) Committee means the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of Walmart.
(d) Compensation means a Participant’s base compensation for a Plan Year with respect to services rendered for an
Employer. Compensation includes, but is not limited to, short-term disability payments made by an Employer.
Compensation does not include military differential payments.
(e) Deferral Account means the bookkeeping account maintained on behalf of a Participant to reﬂect his or her Deferral
Credits.
(f) Deferral Credit means the amount of Deferred Compensation credited to a Participant’s Deferral Account in
accordance with Section 3.1, the amount of Deferred MIP Bonus credited to a Participant’s Deferral Account in
accordance with Section 3.2, and the amount of Deferred Special Bonus credited to a Participant’s Deferral Account
in accordance with Section 3.3.
(g) Deferred Compensation means the Compensation deferred by a Participant in accordance with Section 3.1.
(h) Deferred MIP Bonus means the amount deferred by a Participant in accordance with Section 3.2 from bonuses
payable to the Participant under the MIP.
(i) Deferred Special Bonus means the amount deferred by a Participant in accordance with Section 3.3 from a Special
Bonus payable to the Participant.
(1') Disabled means the Participant has incurred a Separation from Service because the Participant, as determined by the
Committee or its delegate, is unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of a medically
determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a
continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months.
(k) Eligible Ofﬁcer means an individual who is a corporate officer of an Employer, and who holds the title of Vice
President or above, Treasurer, Controller, or an officer title of similar rank or other position as determined by the
Committee. In no event will any individual constitute an Eligible Officer if he or she is not subject to federal income
tax withholding in the United States. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 2.1(k),
Eligible Officer shall exclude any individual who, pursuant to Walmart’s Global Assignment Policy, is seconded to
an Employer and, under the terms of his or her offer or
2