12. C,ount1:y;S,peciﬁc,App,endix,. Notwithstanding any provision in these Share-.S ettled Performance Unit Notification and
Terms and Conditions to the contrary, the grant of Performance Units also shall be subject to any speCial terms and conditions set
forth in any appendix attached hereto (the “Appen.dix”) With respect to certain laws, rules and regulations speCific to your country.
Moreover, if you relocate to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the spe01al terms and conditions for such country Will
apply to you, to the extent Walmart determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or adVisable for legal
or administrative reasons. The Appendix is incorporated by reference into these Share-Settled Performance Unit Notification and
Terms and Conditions and, together, these documents constitute this Agreement.
13. Nature,of,P,lan,Award,. You further acknowledge, understand and agree that:
A. the Plan is established voluntarily by Walmart and is discretionary in nature,
B. . the grant of Performance Units is voluntary and occasional. and does not create any contractual or other right to
receive future grants of Performance Units or other awards, or benefits in lieu of Performance Units, even if Performance
Units have been granted in the past;
C: . all decisions. with respect to future grants of Performance Units or other awards, if any, will be at the sole
discretion of the Committee;
D. neither this. Agreement nor the Plan creates any contract of employment with any entity involved in the
management or administration of the Plan OI'.th1$ Agreement, and nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall interfere With
or limit in any way the right of Walmart or, if different, the Employer to terminate your Continuous Status at any time, nor
confer upon you the right to continue in the employ of Walmart or any Affiliate;
E. _ the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income. and value of same, relate
exclus1vely to your Continuous Status during the vesting period applicable to your Performance Units,
F. nothing in this Agreement or the Plan creates any fiduciary or other duty owed to you by Walmart, any Affiliate, or
any member of the Committee, except as expressly stated in this Agreement or the Plan,
G. you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
H. _ the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the Performance Units, and the income and value of same, are
not intended to replace any pens10n rights or compensation,
I. the Performance Units and the Shares underlying the PerformanceUnits, and the income and value of same, are not
part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance,
resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-serVice payments, bonuses, long-serVice awards, penSIOn or
retirement or welfare benefits or s1mi ar payments;
8