2.28 “Restricted Stock,” or “Restricted Shares” means Shares awarded to a Recipient pursuant to a Plan Award of Restricted
Stock that are subject to a Restriction and all non-cash proceeds of those Shares that are subject to a Restriction.
2.29 “Restricted Stock Unit” or “RSU” means a right denominated in Shares, awarded under the Plan that, subject to Section
8.2, may result in payment to the Recipient in Shares or cash upon, but not before, the lapse of Restrictions related thereto. To the
extent that Notices of Plan Award granted prior to the 2013 Restatement use the term “Restricted Stock Right,” the term “Restricted
Stock Right” as used in such Notices of Plan Award shall, without formal amendment, be deemed to refer to Restricted Stock Units
(as defined above) payable in Shares. To the extent that Notices of Plan Award granted prior to the 2013 Restatement use the term
“Restricted Stock Unit,” the term “Restricted Stock Unit” as used in such Notices of Plan Award shall, without formal amendment,
be deemed to refer to Restricted Stock Units (as defined above) to be settled in cash.
2.30 “ Restriction” means any restriction on a Recipient’s free enjoyment of the Shares or other rights underlying a Plan Award.
Restrictions may be based on the passage of time or the satisfaction of performance criteria or the occurrence of one or more events
or conditions, and shall lapse separately or in combination upon such conditions and at such time or times, in installments or
otherwise, as the Committee shall specify. Plan Awards subject to a Restriction shall be forfeited if the Restriction does not lapse
prior to such date or the occurrence of such event or the satisfaction of such other criteria as the Committee shall determine.
2.31 “Rule 16b-3” means Rule 16b-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act, as amended from time to time, together
with any successor rule, as in effect from time to time.
2.32 “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, or any successor thereto.
2.33 “Section 16 Person” means any individual who is required to file reports under Section 16 of the Exchange Act.
2.34 “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and the rules and regulations adopted thereunder.
2.35 “Share” means a share of the common stock, $.10 par value per share, of Walmart.
2.36 “Stock Appreciation Right” means a right granted to a Recipient pursuant to the Stock Appreciation Rights feature of the
Plan.
2.37 “Subject Shares” means such term as defined in Section 3.1.
SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN
3.1 Shares Subject to the Plan. Subject to Section 11.9, the sum of (a) 50,000,000 Shares plus (b) the number of remaining
Shares under the 2005 Plan (not subject to outstanding Plan Awards and not delivered out of Shares reserved thereunder) as of the
date of stockholder approval of the Plan (collectively, the “Subject Shares”) are reserved for delivery under the Plan. The Subject
Shares may be authorized, but unissued Shares, treasury Shares held by Walmart or an Affiliate, or Shares acquired on the open
market, including shares acquired on the open market by forwarding cash to an independent broker who will purchase Shares on
behalf, and in the name of the Recipient. Shares reserved for delivery pursuant to a Plan Award or any rights