In light of the substantial premiums payable for insurance coverage for losses caused by certain natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical
storms, earthquakes, ﬂoods and tsunamis in the current insurance market, as well as the limitations on available coverage for such losses, we have chosen to be
primarily self-insured with respect to such losses. Although we maintain certain specific coverages for losses from physical damages in excess of certain amounts
to guard against catastrophic losses suffered from such causes, we still bear the risk of losses that would be incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the
destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events below catastrophic
levels of coverage, as well as in the event of a catastrophe, in excess of the aggregate limits of applicable coverages. Significant losses caused by such events could
materially adversely affect our financial performance.
Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important
factor in our financial performance. We expect all of our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety and environmental laws, and to
otherwise meet our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and
efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the US.
Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers and their manufacturers are located, the ﬁnancial instability of suppliers, suppliers'
failure to meet certain of our supplier standards (including our responsible sourcing standards), labor problems experienced by our suppliers and their
manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption in the tranSportation of merchandise from the
suppliers and manufacturers to our stores, clubs, and other facilities, including as a result of labor slowdowns at any port at which a material amount of
merchandise we purchase enters into the U.S., currency exchange rates, tranSport availability and cost, transport security, inﬂation and other factors relating to the
suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.
In addition, the U.S.‘s foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the
importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our
control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.
If the products we sell are not safe or otherwise fail to meet our customers' expectations, we could lose customers, incur liability for any injuries suffered
by our customers using or consuming a product we sell or otherwise experience material adverse effects to our ﬁnancial performance.
Our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. Concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers or
that we prepare and then sell could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and
non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. Any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to
reestablish. As such, any issue regarding the safety of any food and non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our financial
performance.
We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and
secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations.
Although we have independent, redundant and physically separate primary and secondary information systems, given the number of individual transactions we
have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. Our information systems, including our back-up
systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer
programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyberattacks from cyber-attackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as
ﬁres, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or
cease to function prOperly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the
interim. Any material interruption in both our information systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations. In addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our
information systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are
undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. If we fail to integrate our information systems and processes, we may
fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives.
19