acknowledge that you will be required to effect such repatriation through the Formal Exchange Market ( i.e. , a commercial bank or
registered foreign exchange office) if the amount of the funds repatriated exceeds US$10,000. Further, if the value of your aggregate
investments held outside of Chile exceeds US$5,000,000 at any time in a calendar year, you must report the status of such
investments to the Central Bank of Chile.
You will also be required to provide certain information to the Chilean Internal Revenue Service (“CIRS”) regarding the results of
investments held abroad and the taxes you have paid abroad (if you will be seeking a credit against Chilean income tax owed). This
information must be submitted on an electronic sworn statement, Formulario 1851 (for investments held abroad) and Formulario
1853 (for taxes paid abroad) before March 15 of each year. The formularios may be found at the CIRS website at wwwsiicl.
Exchange control and tax reporting requirements in Chile are subject to change; you should consult with your personal legal and tax
advisor regarding any obligations that you may have in connection with the Performance Units.
,CQSTARICA
There are no country-specific provisions.
GUATEMALA
There are no country-specific provisions.
HQNG,KQN,G
Terms and Conditions
Warning; The Performance Units and any cash payout acquired under the Plan do not constitute a public oﬁ’ering of securities
under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of Walmart or an Aﬁliate. The Agreement, including this Appendix, the
Plan and any other incidental communication materials related to the Performance Units (1) have not been prepared in accordance
with and are not intended to constitute a ‘prospectus” for a public offering of securities under the applicable securities legislation
in Hong Kong, (ii) have not been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong, and (iii) are intended only for the personal
use of each eligible Associate or Non-Management Director of Walmart or an Aﬁiliate and may not be distributed to any other
person. If you are in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, including this Appendix or the Plan, you should obtain
independent professional advice.
Notifications
Nature of Scheme . Walmart specifically intends that the Plan will not be an occupational retirement scheme for purposes of the
Occupational Retirement Schemes Ordinance.
INDIA
5