II LEGALPROCEEDINGS
I. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: We discuss certain legal proceedings in Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, entitled "Contingencies,"
which is one of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements incorporated by reference in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference in this item. We refer you to that discussion for important information concerning those legal
proceedings, including the basis for such actions and, where known, the relief sought. We provide the following additional information concerning those legal
proceedings, including the name of the lawsuit, the court in which the lawsuit is pending, and the date on which the petition commencing the lawsuit was filed.
Wage-and-Hour Class Action: Braun/Hummel v. Wal-Mart , Ct. of Common Pleas, Philadelphia County, PA, 3/20/02 and 8/30/04; Superior Ct. of PA, Eastern
Dist, Philadelphia, PA, 12/7/07; Supreme Ct of PA, Harrisburg, PA, 10/9/11; US Supreme Court, Washington, DC, 3/13/15.
ASDA Equal Value Claims: Ms S Brierley & Others v ASDA Stores Ltd (2406372/2008 & Others-Manchester Employment Tribunal).
II. CERTAIN OTHER PROCEEDINGS: The Company is a defendant in several lawsuits in which the complaints closely track the allegations set forth in a
news story that appeared in The New York Times (the " Times " ) on April 21, 2012. One of these is a securities lawsuit that was filed on May 7, 2012, in the
United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee, and subsequently transferred to the Western District of Arkansas, in which the plaintiff alleges
various violations of the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "F CPA") beginning in 2005, and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to certain prior disclosures of the Company. The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of shareholders who purchased or
acquired stock of the Company between December 8, 2011, and April 20, 2012, and seeks damages and other relief based on allegations that the defendants'
conduct affected the value of such stock. In addition, a number of derivative complaints have been filed in Delaware and Arkansas, also tracking the allegations of
the Times story, and naming various current and former ofﬁcers and directors as additional defendants. The plaintiffs in the derivative suits (in which the Company
is a nominal defendant) allege, among other things, that the defendants who are or were directors or officers of the Company breached their fiduciary duties in
connection with oversight of F CPA compliance. All of the derivative suits have been combined into two consolidated proceedings, one of which was consolidated
in the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas and the other in the Delaware Court of Chancery. On March 31, 2015, the Western District
of Arkansas granted the defendants' motion to dismiss the consolidated derivative proceedings in that court. On April 15, 2015, plaintiffs ﬁled their notice of
appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit. Management does not believe any possible loss or the range of any possible loss that may be
incurred in connection with these proceedings will be material to the Company's financial condition or results of operations.
Securities Class Action: City of Pontiac General Employees Retirement System v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., USDC, Western Dist. of AR, 5/7/12.
Derivative Lawsuits: In re Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Shareholder Derivative Litigation , USDC, Western Dist. of AR, 5/3 1/ 12; 8th Circuit Ct. of Appeals, St. Louis,
MO; 4/15/15; In re Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Delaware Derivative Litigation, Delaware Ct. of Chancery, 4/25/12.
27