A. the Plan is established voluntarily by Walmart and is discretionary in nature;
. B. the grant of Restricted Stock is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to
receive future grants of Restricted Stock or other awards, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock, even if restricted stock has been
granted in the past;
C. . all decisions with respect to future grants of Restricted Stock or other awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion
of the Committee“,
D. neither this Agreement nor the Plan creates any contract of employment with any entity involved in the
management or administration of the Plan or this Agreement, and nothing in this Agreement or the Plan shall interfere with or limit
in any way the right of Walmart or the Employer, if different, to terminate your Continuous Status at any time, nor confer upon you
the right to continue in the employ of Walmart or any Affiliate;
_E. the Restricted Stock and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same, relate
excluswely to your Continuous Status during the vesting period applicable to your Restricted Stock;
F. nothing in this Agreement or the Plan createsany fiduciary or other duty owed to you by Walmart, any Affiliate, or
any member of the Committee, except as expressly stated in this Agreement or the Plan,
G. you are voluntarily participating in the Plan;
. H. the Restricted Stock and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same, are not
intended to replace any penSIOn rights or compensation;
I. the Restricted Stock and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock, and the income and value of same, are. not part
of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, reSIgnation,
termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-serv1ce payments, bonuses, long-serv1ce awards, penSIOn or retirement or welfare
benefits or Similar payments;
. J. unless otherwise agreed with Walmart, the Restricted Stock and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock, and the
income and the value of same, are not granted as cons1deration for, or in connection With, the serv1ce (if any) you may prov1de as a
director of any Afﬁliate;
. K._ the future value of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted
With certainty;
L. _ no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock and the
Shares underlying the Restricted Stock resulting from the termination .of your Continuous Status (for any reason whatsoever,
whether or not later found to be_ invalid or in breach of employment laws in the Jurisdiction where you are employed or the terms of
your employment agreement, if any), and 1n.cons1derat1on of the grant of the Restricted Stock to which you are otherw1se not
entitled, you irrevocably agree (1) never to institute any claim against
6