(c) A Participant may not assign or hypothecate any interest in the Plan; provided, however, that upon
purchase of shares under the Plan, such shares may be. sold, assigned, hpledged, hypothecated or otherwise dealt with as would be the
case w1th respect to any other shares of Stock the Part1c1pant m1ght ot erw1se own.
_ (d) . Neither the Company nor any Participating Employer may make any deductions from amounts properly
credited to a Particlpant’s Account. Ne1ther the Company nor any Part1c1pat1ng Employer sha l have any security 1nterest on the
shares of Stock held in a Participant’s Account. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a lender may have a security interest on the shares of
Stock held m a Particlpant’s Account 1f the Part1c1pant has pledged such Stock as collateral 1n connection With a .llne of credit that
may be obtalned by certain Part1c1pants (other than Sectlon 16 Offlcers) through the Stock Secured Line of Credit Program.
4.6. AccounLStaticments. Each Participant will be sent at least an annual statement reﬂecting all Account activity during the
period covered by the statement.
4.7. Risk of Loss . There is no guarantee of the value or market price of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan. In seeking
potential benefits of Stock ownership, each Participant bears the risks associated with Plan participation and ownership of Stock,
including the risk of any decrease in the value of market price of shares of Stock acquired pursuant to the Plan.
4.8. Commission,&,Maintenanceﬂharges,.
(a) _ No brokerage commissions are charged to Participants for purchases of Stock under the Plan, however,
brokerage com.m1ss10ns and otherapgllcable fees shall be charged to the Part1c1pant or all sales of Stock from h1s or her Account.
Such commissmns and other appllca le fees for sales of Stock eld 1n a Particlpant’s Account shall be at the rates posted by the
Account Administrator, which may be changed from time to time by the Account Administrator with approval of the Committee (or
1ts delegate).
. (b) . _ The Company or Participatinfg Employer,.as applicable, shall pay the applicable annual maintenance fees
(1f any) for the Part1c1pant’s Account untll the earlier 0 (l) a Particlpant Account Closure occurs or (2) the Part1c1pant1ncurs a
termination of employment with the Company or Participating Employer, as apglicable, subject to Section 5.3. Any services
reguested of the Account Adm1n1strator by the Part1c1pant that are not covere y the Company’s arrangement w1t the Account
A m1nlstrator shall be pa1d for solely by the Part1c1pant.
(c) At such time as the Company or Participating Employer, as applicable, ceases to pay the applicable
Account maintenance fees as set forth subsection (b) above, the Participant shall become responsible for any applicable Account
malntenance fees. In. this case, annual malntenance fees and other appllcable charges to the Account shall be paid from time to time
to the Account Adm1n1strator automatlcally from the proceeds of a sale of a sufﬁcient number of shares of Stock held 1n the
Participant’s Account until the earlier of a Participant Account Closure or an Automatic Account Closure occurring.
4.9. AccounLSales. The Participant may instruct the Account Administrator in writing (or any other method acceptable to the
Committee or its delegate) at any time to sell any portion or all of his or her full shares of Stock and the fractional interest in any
shares of Stock allocable
7