unencumbered Shares owned by the Recipient in circumstances permitted by the Committee valued at their Fair Market Value on the
Tax Date or the last NYSE trading day prior to the Tax Date, (d) withholding from any cash compensation otherwise due to the
Recipient; or (e) such other method as authorized by the Committee in its discretion. The Committee may set limits on the amount of
withholding to be satisfied through withholding of Shares, e. g., the Committee may require that only the minimum withholding be
satisfied in Shares, and may prohibit withholding from Open Market Shares or using a particular method if necessary or advisable in
a particular country. Any fractional share amount must be paid in cash or withheld from compensation otherwise due to the
Recipient.
11.11 Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Board may amend or terminate the Plan at any time without the approval
of the Recipients or any other person, except to the extent any action of that type is required to be approved by the stockholders of
Walmart under applicable law, listing standards, or in connection with any outstanding Qualified Performance Based Awards.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment that, in the judgment of the Board would materially adversely affect a Recipient
holding an Award shall be made without the Recipient’s consent, provided that no amendment that changes the timing of taxation of
a Plan Award shall be deemed to materially adversely affect the Recipient.
11.12 Compliance with Law. The making of any Plan Award or delivery of any Shares is subject to compliance by Walmart with
all applicable laws as determined by Walmart’s legal counsel. Walmart need not issue or transfer any Plan Award or Shares pursuant
to the Plan unless Walmart’s legal counsel has approved all legal matters in connection with the delivery of any Plan Award or
Shares.
11.13 No Representation or Warranty Regarding Tax Treatment. Notwithstanding any language contained in the Plan or any
Plan Award, Walmart does not represent or warrant that any particular tax treatment will be achieved.
11.14 Governing Law. The Plan shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.
11.15 Superseding Existing Plans, Effective Date, and Transition. The Plan, as set forth herein, was approved by the Board on
February 6, 2015, to be effective on June 5, 2015, subject to the approval of Walmart’s stockholders. The 2013 Restatement was
approved by the Board on April 12, 2013, to be effective August 12, 2013. The 2010 Plan was effective January 1, 2010, and
approved by Walmart’s stockholders on June 4, 2010. The 2005 Plan was effective January 1, 2005, and was approved by Walmart’s
stockholders on June 3, 2005. The 1998 Plan was effective as of March 5, 1998, and was approved by Walmart’s stockholders on
June 5, 1998. Shares made available for delivery in settlement of Plan Awards shall also be available for delivery in settlement of
amounts payable under the provisions of the Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Director Compensation Deferral Plan.
11.16 Funding. To the extent the Plan is subject to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”), it is
intended to be (and will be administered as) an unfunded employee pension plan benefiting a select group of management or highly
compensated employees under the provisions of ERISA. It is intended that the Plan be unfunded for federal tax purposes and for
purposes of Title I of ERISA.
11.17 Code Section 409A. Plan Awards are intended to be exempt from the definition of “nonqualified deferred compensation”
within the meaning of Code Section 409A, or to the extent