I. Walmart reserves the right to impose other re uirements on your participation in the Plan, on your Plan Award, and
the Shares underlying the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, to the extent Walmart determines it is necessary or advisable for
legal or administrative reasons and to require you to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to
accomplish the foregoing.
J. You acknowledge that a waiver by Walmart or an Affiliate of a breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not
operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by you or any
other Associate.
K. You understand that your country may have insider trading and/or market abuse laws which may affect your
ability to acquire or sell Shares under the Plan during such times you are considered to have “inside information” (as defined in the
laws in your country). The restrictions applicable under these laws may be the same or different from Walmart’s insider trading
policy. You acknowledge that it is your responsibility to be informed of and compliant with such regulations, and any applicable
Walmart insider trading policy, and are advised to speak to your personal legal advisor on this matter.
L. You understand that you may be subject to foreign asset/account, exchange control and/or tax reporting
requirements as a result of the ac uisition, holding and/or transfer of Shares or cash (including dividends and the proceeds arising
from the sale of Shares) derived %om your participation in the Plan in, to and/or from a brokerage/bank account or legal entity
located outside your country. The applicable laws of the your country may require that you report such accounts, assets, the balances
therein, the value thereof and/or the transactions related thereto to the applicable authorities in such country. You acknowledge that
you are responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable foreign asset/account, exchange control and tax reporting
requirements, and you are advised to consult your personal legal advisor on this matter.
M. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exem tion from
any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the Shares, Walmart shall not be required to deliver any
Shares issuable u on vesting of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock prior to the completion of any registration or qualification
of the Shares undgr any local, state, federal or foreign securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the US.
Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or
other clearance from any local, state, federal or foreign governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval Walmart
shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. You understand that Walmart is under no obligation to register or
qualify the Shares with the SEC or any state or foreign securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any
governmental authority for the issuance or sale of the Shares. Walmart may, without liability for its good faith actions, place legend
restrictions upon Shares underlying your vested Performance-Based Restricted Stock and issue “stop transfer” instructions requ1ring
compliance with applicable US. or other securities laws and the terms of the Agreement and Plan. Further, you agree that Walmart
shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without your consent to the extent necessary to comply with
securities or other laws applicable to issuance of Shares.
10