of employment with such Affiliate). In connection with a Participant Account Closure, the Participant must elect to have his or her
Account fully distributed in either (1) Stock (except that the value of any fractional shares of Stock will be distributed in cash less
any applicable fees) or (2) cash by directing all full shares (and fractional interests) of Stock to be sold with the proceeds, less
applicable brokerage commissions and other applicable fees, being distributed. Such Participant shall no longer be eligible to make
or receive Contributions to the Plan (including by Payroll Deduction or Voluntary Contribution).
5.4. IcrminatiQQDueitQDQathcﬁBarticipant,. Following a Participant’s death, the Company or Participating Employer, as
applicable, shall cease making Payroll Deductions and Matching Contributions to such Participant’s Account as soon as practicable.
In addition, as soon as practicable following the Participant’s death, the Account Administrator will distribute the proceeds of the
deceased Participant’s Account less any applicable fees in accordance with rules and procedures established by the Committee
(which may include a designation by a Participant of a beneficiary or a joint tenant with respect to a Participant’s Account) and, in
the absence of applicable rules and procedures (or such designations), to the Participant’s estate.
VI. AWARD PROGRAM
6.1. .S,c,op,e,ofithe,Award,Program,. The Award Program is designed to provide an incentive to Associates of the Company and
Participating Employers who provide exceptional customer service and job performance. Awards under the Award Program are not
intended to be given to those who satisfy, but do not exceed, expectations. The Award Program includes a “Great Job” component
and an “Outstanding Performance” component.
6.2. Greatloanomponent. Awards under the Great Job component consist of “Great J ob” buttons, which can be worn by
Associates while at work.
(a) Great Job buttons are awarded by management of the Company or Participating Employers, as applicable.
_ (b) _ Once an Associate earns four. “Great I ob” buttons, he or she is eligible to receive one (1) share of Stock
and such Part1c1pant Wlll be given a new button s1gn1fy1ng that he or she is a “Great Job Stockholder” Assoc1ate. As described in
Section 3.6 of the Plan, the Committee may, in its discretion, issue the award of Stock under the Award Program to a Participant’s
Account under the Plan instead of issuing the Stock certificate directly.
_ . (c) _ Notwithstanding anything herein to the. contrary, the Great Job component of the Award Program is
discontinued effective March 9, 2007, With respect to assoc1ates in the United States and effective May 1, 2007, With respect to
associates .in Canada, and _no additional Great Job buttonsshall be awarded from and after such date; provided, however, that the.
Stock Option Committee is authorized to discontinue the issuance of the Great Job buttons to associates in Canada as of any earlier
appropriate date. Assoc1ates may voluntarily surrender Great Job buttons at any time during the period March 9, 2007 through
August 31, 2008 and shall receive one (1) share of Stock for each four (4) Great Job buttons surrendered, or a proportionate
fractional share of Stock for surrender of less than four (4) Great Job buttons. Any Great Job buttons not voluntarily surrendered
during this period shall be cancelled on September 1, 2008,
9