Table of Contents
F CPA Investigation and Related Matters
The Audit Committee (the "Audit Committee") of the Board of Directors of the Company, which is composed solely of independent directors, is conducting an
internal investigation into, among other things, alleged violations of the US. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and other alleged crimes or misconduct in
connection with foreign subsidiaries, including Wal-Mart de Mexico, S.A.B. de CV. ("Walmex"), and whether prior allegations of such violations and/or
misconduct were appropriately handled by the Company. The Audit Committee and the Company have engaged outside counsel from a number of law firms and
other advisors who are assisting in the on-going investigation of these matters.
The Company is also conducting a voluntary global review of its policies, practices and internal controls for anti-corruption compliance. The Company is engaged
in strengthening its global anti-corruption compliance program through appropriate remedial anti-corruption measures. In November 2011, the Company
voluntarily disclosed that investigative activity to the US. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") and the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Since the
implementation of the global review and the enhanced anti-corruption compliance program, the Audit Committee and the Company have identified or been made
aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the F CPA. When such allegations are reported or identified, the Audit Committee and the
Company, together with their third party advisors, conduct inquiries and when warranted based on those inquiries, Open investigations. Inquiries or investigations
regarding allegations of potential F CPA violations have been commenced in a number of foreign markets where the Company operates, including, but not limited
to, Brazil, China and India.
The Company has been informed by the DOJ and the SEC that it is also the subject of their respective investigations into possible violations of the F CPA. The
Company is cooperating with the investigations by the DOJ and the SEC. A number of federal and local government agencies in Mexico have also initiated
investigations of these matters. Walmex is cooperating with the Mexican governmental agencies conducting these investigations. Furthermore, lawsuits relating to
the matters under investigation have been filed by several of the Company's shareholders against it, certain of its current directors, certain of its former directors,
certain of its current and former officers and certain of Walmex's current and former officers.
The Company could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of the matters noted above. There could be one or more enforcement actions in
respect of the matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments,
settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. The shareholder lawsuits may
result in judgments against the Company and its current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. The Company cannot predict at this time the
outcome or impact of the government investigations, the shareholder lawsuits, or its own internal investigations and review. In addition, the Company has incurred
and expects to continue to incur costs in responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection
with the government investigations, in defending the shareholder lawsuits, and in conducting the review and investigations. These costs will be expensed as
incurred. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , the Company incurred the following third-party expenses in connection with the FCPA
investigation and related matters:
Fiscal Years Ended January 31,
(Amounts in millions) 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
[Ongoing inquiries and investigations $ 95 $ 121 $ 173 ‘
Global compliance program and organizational enhancements 31 52 109
lTotal $ 126 $ 173 s 282 1
These matters may require the involvement of certain members of the Company's senior management that could impinge on the time they have available to devote
to other matters relating to the business. The Company expects that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest, including additional news articles from
media publications on these matters, which could impact the perception among certain audiences of the Company's role as a corporate citizen.
The Company's process of assessing and responding to the governmental investigations and the shareholder lawsuits continues. While the Company believes that it
is probable that it will incur a loss from these matters, given the on-going nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, the Company cannot
reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters. Although the Company does not presently believe that these matters will have a
material adverse effect on its business, given the inherent uncertainties in such situations, the Company can provide no assurance that these matters will not be
material to its business in the future.
49