Information About Our Segments
The Company is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units located throughout the U.S., Africa, Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America,
Chile, China, India, Japan, Mexico and the United Kingdom. The Company's operations are conducted in three reportable segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart
International and Sam's Club. The Company defines its segments as those operations whose results the chief operating decision maker ("CODM") regularly
reviews to analyze performance and allocate resources. The Company sells similar individual products and services in each of its segments. It is impractical to
segregate and identify revenues for each of these individual products and services.
Walmart U.S. is our largest segment and operates retail stores in all 50 states in the U.S., Washington DC. and Puerto Rico, with three primary store formats, as
well as digital retail. Walmart U.S. generated approximately 62% of our net sales in fiscal 2016 , and of our three segments, Walmart U.S. is the largest and has
historically had the highest gross proﬁt as a percentage of net sales (" gross profit rate"). In addition, Walmart U.S. has historically contributed the greatest amount
to the Company's net sales and operating income.
Walmart International consists of operations in 27 countries outside of the U.S. and includes numerous formats divided into three major categories: retail,
wholesale and other. These categories consist of numerous formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, including Sam's Clubs,
cash & carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. Walmart International generated
approximately 26% of our fiscal 2016 net sales. The overall gross proﬁt rate for Walmart International is lower than that of Walmart U.S. primarily because of its
merchandise mix. Walmart International is our second largest segment and has grown through acquisitions, as well as by adding retail, wholesale and other units.
Sam's Club consists of membership-only warehouse clubs and operates in 48 states in the U.S. and in Puerto Rico, as well as digital retail. Sam's Club accounted
for approximately 12% of our ﬁscal 2016 net sales. As a membership-only warehouse club, membership income is a significant component of the segment's
operating income. As a result, Sam's Club Operates with a lower gross profit rate and lower operating expenses as a percentage of net sales than our other segments.
The Company measures the results of its segments using, among other measures, each segment's net sales and operating income, which includes certain corporate
overhead allocations. From time to time, we revise the measurement of each segment's operating income, including any corporate overhead allocations, as
determined by the information regularly reviewed by our CODM. When the measurement of a segment changes, previous period amounts and balances are
reclassiﬁed to be comparable to the current period's presentation.
Walmart U.S. Segment
The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products, operating under the "Walmart" or "Wal-Mart" brands, as well as walmart.com. The
Walmart U.S. segment had net sales of $298.4 billion , $288.0 billion and $279.4 billion for ﬁscal 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively. During the most recent
ﬁscal year, no single unit accounted for as much as 1% of total Company consolidated net sales.
P;hy,s,i,cal.,The Walmart U.S. segment operates retail stores in the U.S., including in all 50 states, Washington DC. and Puerto Rico, with supercenters in 49 states,
Washington DC. and Puerto Rico, discount stores in 41 states and Puerto Rico and Neighborhood Markets and other small store formats in 31 states and Puerto
Rico. The following table provides square footage details on each of our formats as of January 31, 2016 :
Minimum Square Maximum Square Average Square
_ Feet _ Feet _ Feet
’Supercenters (general merchandise and grocery) 69,000 260,000 178,000 ‘
Discount stores (general merchandise and limited grocery) 30,000 206,000 104,000
’Neighborhood Markets (1) (grocery) 28,000 66,000 42,000 ‘
(1) Excludes other small formats which include various test formats used to understand market demands and needs.
6