If the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our
ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
Many of our customers shop with us over our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including walmartcom and samsclub.com in the US. and
our retail websites in 10 other countries, which are a part of our multi-channel sales strategy. Increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets, and smart
phones to sh0p online and through mobile commerce applications with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. We are increasingly using
social media to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. As a part of our multi-channel sales strategy, we offer "Walmart
Pickup" and "Club Pickup" and in a growing number of locations, "Online Grocery" programs under which many products available for purchase online can be
shipped to and picked up by the customer at his or her local Walmart store or Sam's Club, which provides additional customer trafﬁc at such stores and clubs.
Multi-channel retailing is a rapidly evolving part of the retail industry and of our operations in the US. and in a number of markets in which our Walmart
International segment operates.
We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for new developments and technology investments by our competitors through
focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. Any failure on our part to provide
attractive, user-friendly e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and
that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and mobile commerce application merchandising and related
technology could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material
adverse impact on the growth of our e-commerce business globally and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
Any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our company, customers, members, associates and vendors that we hold, whether as a
result of cybersecurity attacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, members, associates, vendors and
others, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially adversely affect our operating results.
As do most retailers, we receive and store in our digital information systems certain personal information about our customers and members, and we receive and
store personal information concerning our associates and vendors. We also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without
limitation, encryption and authentication technology, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. In addition, our online operations at
www.walmart.com, www.samsclub.com and our websites in certain of our foreign markets depend upon the secure transmission of conﬁdential information over
public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. Each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our
information systems. We maintain substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, such information and have security processes,
protocols and standards that are applicable to our third-party service providers to protect information from our systems to which they have access to under their
engagements with us.
However, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which
cyber-attackers may attempt to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and breach our or our third-party service providers'
information systems. During fiscal 2016, we were notiﬁed that a third party service provider that hosts the online photo center for Walmart Canada suffered a
security breach that compromised information of users of that company's site, including some Walmart Canada customers, which we believe has not had a material
impact on Walmart Canada or the Company. Walmart Canada discontinued use of this third party service provider. Sam's Club in the United States also used the
same third party service provider to host its online photo center through a different system than the one used by Walmart Canada. After the breach in Canada,
Sam's Club suspended the operation of the online photo center until a security review could be completed by the third party service provider. Once the security
review was complete and new technology with enhanced security measures was implemented by the third party service provider, along with a determination that
the information of Sam's Club members was not compromised by the security breach, Sam's Club resumed the operation of the online photo center through the
same third party service provider.
Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly SOphisticated. As cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully
defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers in the future like the incident referenced
above and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates and vendors that we hold or to which our third-party service providers have access,
and we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a signiﬁcant period of time after the security breach
occurs. Moreover, associate error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party service
providers' security measures and breach our or our third-party service providers' information systems (whether digital or otherwise).
20