Table of Contents
As of January 31, 2016 , the fair value of certain indefinite-lived intangible assets held in our International segment exceeded its carrying value of $398 million by
approximately 5%. Management will continue to monitor the fair value of these assets in future periods.
Income Taxes
Income taxes have a significant effect on our net earnings. We are subject to income taxes in the US. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Accordingly, the
determination of our provision for income taxes requires signiﬁcant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Our
effective income tax rate is affected by many factors, including changes in our assessment of certain tax contingencies, increases and decreases in valuation
allowances, changes in tax law, outcomes of administrative audits, the impact of discrete items and the mix of earnings among our US. and international
operations where the statutory rates are generally lower than the US. statutory rate, and may ﬂuctuate as a result.
Our tax returns are routinely audited and settlements of issues raised in these audits sometimes affect our tax provisions. The benefits of uncertain tax positions are
recorded in our financial statements only after determining a more likely than not probability that the uncertain tax positions will withstand challenge, if any, from
taxing authorities. When facts and circumstances change, we reassess these probabilities and record any changes in the financial statements as appropriate. We
account for uncertain tax positions by determining the minimum recognition threshold that a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the
ﬁnancial statements. This determination requires the use of significant judgment in evaluating our tax positions and assessing the timing and amounts of deductible
and taxable items.
Deferred tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. Such assets arise because of temporary
differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax
assets are evaluated for future realization and reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent that a portion is not more likely than not to be realized. Many factors
are considered when assessing whether it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized, including recent cumulative earnings, expectations of
future taxable income, carryforward periods and other relevant quantitative and qualitative factors. The recoverability of the deferred tax assets is evaluated by
assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and
available tax planning strategies. This evaluation relies heavily on estimates.
22