Notifications
Foreign Asset/ Account Reporting Information . Foreign property, including shares of stock (i.e., Shares) and other rights to receive
Shares ( e. g. , RSUS) of a non-Canadian company held by a Canadian resident employee must generally be reported annually on a
Form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement), if the total cost of his or her foreign property exceeds C$100,000 at any time
during the year. Thus, RSUs likely must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the C$100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of
other foreign property you hold. When Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base (“ACB”) of the Shares. The
ACB ordinarily is equal to the fair market value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if you own other Shares (acquired
separately), this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares.
CHILE
Terms and Conditions
Labor Law Acknowledgement . The RSUs and the Shares underlying the RSUs, and the income and value of same, shall not be
considered as part of the your remuneration for purposes of determining the calculation base of future indemnities, whether statutory
or contractual, for years of service (severance) or in lieu of prior notice, pursuant to Article 172 of the Chilean Labor Code.
Notifications
Securitiesiawjnformation,. This grant of RSUs constitutes a private offering of securities in Chile effective as of the Grant Date.
This offer of RSUs is made subject to general ruling n° 336 of the Chilean Superintendence of Securities and Insurance (“SVS”).
The offer refers to securities not registered at the securities registry or at the foreign securities registry of the SVS, and, therefore,
such securities are not subject to oversight of the SVS. Given that the RSUs are not registered in Chile, Walmart is not required to
provide public information about the RSUs or the Shares in Chile. Unless the RSUs and/or the Shares are registered with the SVS, a
public offering of such securities cannot be made in Chile.
Esta Oferta de RSUs constituye una oferta privaa’a de valores en Chile )2 se inicia en la Fecha de la Oferta. Esta oferta de RSUs se
acoge a las disposiciones de la Norma de Caracter General N 0 336 (“NCG 33 6 ”) de la Superintendencia de Valores y Seguros de
Chile ( “S VS ”). Esta oferta versa sobre valores no inscritos en el Registro de Valores 0 en el Registro de Valores Extranjeros que
lleva la SVS, por lo que tales valores no estan sujetos a la fiscalizacio’n de e’sta. Por tratarse de valores no inscritos en Chile no
existe la obligacio’n por parte de Walmart a’e entregar en Chile informacion pablica respecto de los mismos. Estos valores no
podran ser objeto de oferta piiblica en Chile mientras no sean inscritos en el Registro de Valores correspondiente.
ExchangeiControLInformation,. You are not required to repatriate any funds you receive with respect to the RSUs ( e. g. , any
proceeds from the sale of any Shares issued upon vesting of the RSUS) to Chile. However, if you decide to repatriate such funds, you
acknowledge that you will
4