B. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by Walmart or, if different, the Affiliate that employs you
(the “Employer”), the ultimate liability for all income tax, social insurance, pension, payroll tax, fringe benefits tax, payment on
account or other tax-related items related to your participation in the Plan and legally applicable to you (“Tax-Related Items”), is and
remains your responsibility and ma exceed the amount actually withheld by Walmart or the Employer. You further acknowledge
that Walmart an /or the Employer 82,1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items 1n
connection with any aspect of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement
of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any
dividends; and (b) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Performance-
Based Restricted Stock to reduce or eliminate your liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if you
are subject to Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction, you acknowledge that Walmart and/or the Em loyer (or your former
employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdictlon.
C. Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, you agree to make adequate arrangements
satisfactory to Walmart and the Emplolyer to satisfy all Tax-Related Items. In this regard, you authorize Walmart and/or the
Emplo er or their respective agents, at t eir sole discretion, to satisfy their withholding obligations with regard to all Tax-Related
Items by withholding of Shares to be issued upon settlement of the vested Performance-Based Restricted Stock. In the event that
such withholding in Shares is problematic under applicable tax or securities law or has materially adverse accounting consequences,
by Iyour acceptance of the Performance-Based Restricted Stock and this Agreement, you authorize and direct Walmart, and any
bro er or other third party designated by Walmart to sell on your behalf a whole number of Shares corresponding to the vested
Performance-Based Restricted Stock that Walmart or the Employer determines to be appropriate to enerate cash proceeds sufficient
to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items. However, Walmart may also require you to satisfgy the Tax-Re ated Items by any
other method of withholding it authorizes, in its sole discretion, including through withholding from your wages or other cash
compensation paid to you by Walmart or any Affiliate.
D. Depending on the withholding method, Walmart or the Employer mfg withhold or account for Tax-Related Items
by considering aplplicable minimum statutory w1thholding rates or other applicab e wit olding rates, including maximum applicable
rates. Further, if t e obligation for Tax-Related Items is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, you are deemed to have
been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Performance-Based Restricted Stock, notwithstanding that a number of
the Shares are withheld solely for the purpose of paying the Tax-Related Items. If as a result of withholding whole Shares, an excess
amount of tax is withheld, such excess tax will be reported and paid to the applicable tax authorities or regulatory body. In the event
that any excess amounts are withheld to satisfy the obligation for Tax-Related Items, you may be entitled to receive a refund of any
over-withheld amount in the form of cash and will have no entitlement to the Share equivalent.
E. Finally, you 3%?6 to pay to Walmart or the Employer any amount of Tax-Related Items that Walmart or the
Employer may be required to wit old or account for as a result of your
5