Table of Contents
Signiﬁcant Transactions with Noncontrolling Interests
As described in Note 13 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, in July 2015, we completed the purchase of all of the remaining noncontrolling interest in
Yihaodian, our e-commerce operations in China, for approximately $760 million, using existing cash to complete this transaction and during fiscal 2015, we
completed the purchase of substantially all of the remaining noncontrolling interest in Walmart Chile for approximately $1.5 billion, using existing cash to
complete this transaction.
Capital Resources
We believe cash ﬂows from continuing operations, our current cash position and access to capital markets will continue to be sufficient to meet our anticipated
operating cash needs, which include funding seasonal buildups in merchandise inventories and funding our capital expenditures, dividend payments and share
repurchases.
We have strong commercial paper and long-term debt ratings that have enabled and should continue to enable us to reﬁnance our debt as it becomes due at
favorable rates in capital markets. At January 31, 2016 , the ratings assigned to our commercial paper and rated series of our outstanding long-term debt were as
follows:
Rating agency _ Commercial Eper _ Long-term debt
|Standard & Poor's A-1+ AA l
Moody's Investors Service P-l Aa2
Fitch Ratings F 1+ AA l
Credit rating agencies review their ratings periodically and, therefore, the credit ratings assigned to us by each agency may be subject to revision at any time.
Accordingly, we are not able to predict whether our current credit ratings will remain consistent over time. Factors that could affect our credit ratings include
changes in our operating performance, the general economic environment, conditions in the retail industry, our financial position, including our total debt and
capitalization, and changes in our business strategy. Any downgrade of our credit ratings by a credit rating agency could increase our future borrowing costs or
impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms commercially acceptable to us. In addition, any downgrade of our current short-term credit ratings
could impair our ability to access the commercial paper markets with the same ﬂexibility that we have experienced historically, potentially requiring us to rely
more heavily on more expensive types of debt financing. The credit rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our commercial paper or
debt securities. Each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization and should be evaluated independently of any
other rating. Moreover, each credit rating is speciﬁc to the security to which it applies.
17