4. Stockholder Rights . Your Performance-Based Restricted Stock will be held for you by Walmart until the applicable delivery
date described in Paragraph 5. You shall have all the rights of a stockholder of Shares of Performance-Based Restricted Stock that
vest. With respect to your unvested Performance-Based Restricted Stock:
A. you shall have the right to vote the Shares underlying your Performance-Based Restricted Stock on any matter as
to which Shares have voting rights at any meeting of shareholders of Walmart;
_ _ B. . _you shall have the right to receive, free of vesting restrictions (but subject to applicable withholding taxes) all cash
d1v1dends pa1d With respect to such Shares underly1ng your Performance-Based Restricted Stock, and
i C. _any non-cash dividends and other non-cash. proceeds of such Shares underlying your Performance-Based
Restr1cted Stock, 1nclud1ng stock d1v1dends and any other secur1t1es Issued or d1str1buted 1n respect of such Shares underly1ng your
Performance-Based Restricted Stock shall be subject to the same vesting and forfeiture conditions as are applicable to your
Performance-Based Restricted Stock, and the term .“PerformanceTBased Restricted Stock,” as used in this Agreement, shall also
1nclude any related stock d1v1dends and other secur1t1es lssued or d1str1buted 1n respect of such Shares underly1ng your Performance-
Based Restricted Stock.
5. YestingofPerformanc,e:Bas,e,d,Restricted,S,to,ck,and,Delive1:y,of,Shares,.
A. Vestini. Your Performance-Based Restricted Stock will vest as follows, provided you have not incurred a
Forfeiture Condition described below:
Percentage of
Performance-Based
B. Delivery of Shares . Upon the vesting of your Performance-Based Restricted Stock, subject to Paragraph 9 below,
you shallibe entitled to receive a number of Shares equal to the number of vested Performance-Based Restricted Stock,_less any
Shares WIthheld or sold to_satlsfty tax w1thhold1ng obllgatlons .as set forth 1n Paragraph 10 below. The Shares shall be dellvered to
you as soon as adm1n1strat1vely eaSIble, but 1n any event W1th1n 74 days of the Vestmg Date. Such Shares w1ll be depos1ted 1nto an
account in your name with a broker or other third party designated by Walmart. You will be responsible for all fees imposed by such
de31gnated broker or other th1rd party des1gnated by Walmart.
2