exercises Stock Appreciation Rights that are no longer subject to Restrictions over the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of
grant of the Recipient’s Stock Appreciation Rights, (b) a predetermined amount that is less than that excess, or (c) with respect to
Recipients who are exempt from US. taxation and who are expected to remain exempt from US. taxation until the Plan Award is
settled, any other amount as may be set by the Committee, multiplied by the number of Stock Appreciation Rights as to which the
Recipient exercises the Stock Appreciation Right. The Committee may provide that payment with respect to an exercised Stock
Appreciation Right may occur on a date which is different than the exercise date, and may provide for additional payment in
recognition of the time value of money and any delay between the exercise date and the payment date.
9.2 Award Vesting and Forfeiture. The Committee shall establish the Restrictions, if any, applicable to Stock Appreciation
Rights. Stock Appreciation Rights and the entitlement to Shares thereunder will be forfeited and all rights of the Recipient to such
Stock Appreciation Rights and the Shares thereunder will terminate if any applicable Restrictions in the Plan or Notice of Plan
Award are not satisfied.
9.3 Beneﬁcial Ownership. The Recipient of any Stock Appreciation Rights shall not have any beneficial ownership in any Shares
subject to such Plan Awards until Shares are delivered in satisfaction of the Plan Award nor shall the Recipient have the right to sell,
transfer, assign, convey, pledge, hypothecate, grant any security interest in or mortgage on, or otherwise dispose of or encumber any
Stock Appreciation Rights or any interest therein. Except as required by any law, neither the Stock Appreciation Rights nor any
interest therein shall be subject in any manner to any forced or involuntary sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, hedge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, or other disposition or to any charge, liability, debt, or obligation of the Recipient, whether as the direct or indirect
result of any action of the Recipient or any action taken in any proceeding, including any proceeding under any bankruptcy or other
creditors’ rights law. Any action attempting to effect any transaction of that type shall be void.
9.4 Election to Receive Payments. A Recipient of a Stock Appreciation Right may elect to receive a payment to which the
Recipient is entitled under the Plan Award by giving notice of such election to the Committee in accordance with the rules
established by the Committee. In addition, if determined by the Committee in its discretion, which may be applied differently among
Recipients or Plan Awards, a Stock Appreciation Right will be deemed exercised by the Recipient (or in the event of the death of the
Recipient then by the person authorized to exercise the Recipient’s Stock Appreciation Right under Section 11.6) on the expiration
date of the Stock Appreciation Right, or if the NYSE is not open on the expiration date, on the last day prior to the expiration date on
which the NYSE is open, to the extent that as of such expiration date the Stock Appreciation Right is vested and exercisable and to
the extent that, if the Recipient exercised such Stock Appreciation Right, the Recipient would receive a payment under Section 9.5.
9.5 Payments to Recipients. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice of Plan Award granting the Stock Appreciation
Rights, a payment to a Recipient with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights may be made (a) in cash, (b) in Shares having an
aggregate Fair Market Value on the date on which the Stock Appreciation Rights are settled equal to the amount of the payment to
be made under the Plan Award, or (c) any combination of cash and Shares, as the Committee shall determine in its sole discretion
and specify at the time the Plan Award is granted. The Committee shall not make any payment in Shares if such payment would
result in