Any delegated authority, duty or power may be revoked at any time by the delegator as it deems appropriate. Any delegated
authority, duty or power may be exercised by the delegator as well as the delegate; provided, however, that in the event of any
conﬂict between the exercise of any authority, duty or power by the delegator and the exercise of any authority, duty or power by the
delegate, the exercise by the delegator shall govern.
4.4 Determinations Binding. All actions taken or determinations made by the Committee, in good faith, with respect to the Plan,
a Plan Award or any Notice of Plan Award shall not be subject to review by anyone, but shall be final, binding and conclusive upon
all persons interested in the Plan or any Plan Award.
PARTICIPATION
5.1 All Associates and Non-Management Directors who the Committee determines have the potential to contribute significantly to
the success of Walmart or an Affiliate, are eligible to participate in the Plan, except that Non-Management Directors may not receive
Incentive Stock Options. An Associate may be granted one or more Plan Awards, unless prohibited by applicable law and subject to
the limitations under Code Section 422 with respect to Incentive Stock Options. For any Performance Period for which Plan Awards
are intended to be Qualified Performance Based Awards, the Committee shall designate the Associates eligible to be granted Plan
Awards no later than the 90th day of the Fiscal Year (or in the case of a Performance Period other than a Fiscal Year, after not later
than the date 25% of the Performance Period has elapsed).
STOCK OPTIONS
6.1 Term of Options. Walmart may grant Options covering Subject Shares to Associates and Non-Management Directors. The
term of each Option shall be the term stated in the Notice of Plan Award, provided, however, that in the case of an Incentive Stock
Option, the term shall be no more than 10 years from the date of grant unless the Incentive Stock Option is granted to a Recipient
who, at the time of the grant, owns stock representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of Walmart or any
Parent/ Subsidiary Corporation, in which case the term may not exceed 5 years from the date of grant.
Each Option shall be a Nonqualified Option unless designated otherwise in the Notice of Plan Award. Notwithstanding the
designation of an Option, if the aggregate Fair Market Value of Shares subject to Incentive Stock Options that are exercisable for the
first time by a Recipient during a calendar year exceeds $100,000 (whether due to the terms of the Plan Award, acceleration of
exercisability, miscalculation or error), or if such Option for any other reason fails to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option, the
excess Options shall be treated as Nonqualified Options.
6.2 Option Exercise Price and Consideration. The per Share exercise price of an Option shall be determined by the Committee
in its discretion, except that the per Share exercise price for an Option shall not be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a
Share on the date of grant except that, with respect to an Incentive Stock Option granted to an Associate who owns stock
representing more than 10% of the voting power of all classes of stock of Walmart or any Parent/Subsidiary Corporation at the time
of the grant, the per Share exercise price shall be no less than 110% of the Fair Market Value per Share on the date of grant. The
type of consideration in which the exercise price of an Option is to be paid shall be determined by the