Any breach of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and loss of our conﬁdential information, which could be undetected for a period
of time, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any
customers and members whose personal data was compromised and to restore customer and member conﬁdence in us and to make changes to our information
systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
In addition, such events could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, as well as our
operations, results of operations, ﬁnancial condition and liquidity, could result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and
ﬁnancial condition and performance and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by
our insurance policies. Moreover, a security breach could require us to devote signiﬁcant management resources to address the problems created by the security
breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such important personal information against
cyberattacks and other attempts to access such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital retail operations.
We accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label cards and gift cards, and we may offer new
payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. By accepting debit and credit cards as a retailer for payment, we are subject to
the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS"), issued by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. PCI DSS contains compliance
guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. The
payment card industry set October 1, 2015 as the date on which it will shift liability for certain transactions to retailers who are not able to accept Europay,
MasterCard, Visa (EMV) chip card credit and debit transactions. While we already accept many EMV cards, if we are unable to fully implement EMV as planned,
we may incur increased costs associated with the liability shift. By accepting debit cards for payment, we are also subject to compliance with the American
National Standards Institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines. Even though we comply with these guidelines and standards
and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able
to prevent, contain or detect any cyberattacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known malware or malware that may be developed in the future. To the
extent that any disruption results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers,
ﬁnancial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. In addition, the cost of complying with stricter privacy and information security
laws and standards could be significant to us.
Our failure to attract and retain qualiﬁed associates, increases in wage and beneﬁt costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially
adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
Our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualiﬁed associates
globally. Our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to ﬁll positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and
distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a
sufﬁcient number of qualiﬁed persons in the work force of the markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates,
changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. If we are unable to locate, to
attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
The wage increases for over 500,000 associates in our operations in the US. and investment in other initiatives for our associates in the US. that we announced in
February 2015, and related wage increases for 1.2 million associates aggregating $1.5 billion in the year ending January 31, 2017 ("fiscal 2017") will increase our
wage and other labor expenses significantly. If we cannot offset the increases in our wage expenses resulting from those wage increases by increasing our gross
profit, achieving decreases in our operating, selling, general and administrative expense or a combination of both in the year ending January 31, 2018 and
thereafter, our consolidated operating income and our consolidated income from continuing operations could continue to be less than our consolidated operating
income and consolidated income from continuing operations for our ﬁscal years prior to ﬁscal 2017. In addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase even
more significantly for other reasons or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented that further increase our
labor costs, our ﬁnancial performance could be materially adversely affected.
2 1