Walmart, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith and any other possible reczpients which may assist Walmart (presently or in the
future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or
other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your particzpation in the Plan, including any
requisite transfer of Data as may be required to Walmart’s designated broker or other third party. You understand that Data will be
held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you
reside outside the United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing
of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by
contacting in writing your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein
on a purely voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Status and career
with the Employer will not be adversely aﬂected; the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that Walmart
would not be able to grant RSUs or other Plan Awards to you or administer or maintain such Plan Awards. Therefore, you
understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may affect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information on the
consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human resources
representative.
16. cher,Provis,ions,.
A. . Determinations regarding this Agreement (including, but not limited to, whether an event has occurred resulting in
the forfelture of or accelerated vestlng of the RSUs) shall be made by the Committee 1n 1ts sole and exclus1ve d1scretion and
m accordance w1th th1s Agreement and the Plan, and all determmatlons of the Commlttee shall be ﬁnal and conclus1ve and
b1nd1ng on you and your successors and heirs.
B. _Walmart reserves the right to amend, abandon or terminate the Plan, including this Agreement, at any time_subj ect
to Commlttee approval. .Nothmg 1n the Plan should be construed as to create any expectatlons that the Plan Wlll be 1n force
and effect for an1ndef1n1te perlod of t1me nor shall g1ve use to any clalms to acqulred r1ghts or s1m11ar legal theories.
C. The Committee will administer the Plan. The Committee’s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and
may be made by the Commlttee selectlvely among rec1p1ents and e11g1ble Assomates, whether or not such persons are
s1m11arly s1tuated.
D. By accepting this Agreement, you agree to provide any information reasonably requested from time to time.
B. . . This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conﬂict of law
prov1510ns.
F. _ The provisions of this Agreement are severable, and if any one or more provisions are determined to be illegal or
otherw1se unenforceable, 1n whole or 1n part, the remalnmg prov1s1ons shall nevertheless be b1nd1ng and enforceable.
8