(b) A Special Bonus described in this Section 3.3(b) is one that: (1) requires as a condition of receipt of the Special
Bonus and to avoid forfeiture of the Special Bonus that the Eligible Officer continue to perform services for a period
of at least thirteen (13) months after the date he or she obtains the legally binding right to the Special Bonus, (2) may
not have an earlier vesting date for a good reason termination or the Eligible Officer’s retirement; and (3) must
otherwise meet the qualifications as described in Code Section 409A. The deferral election with respect to a Special
Bonus described in this Section 3.3(b) must be filed within thirty (30) days after the Eligible Officer obtains the
legally binding right to the Special Bonus.
(c) A Special Bonus described in this Section 3.3(c) is one payable pursuant to an offer letter accepted in writing by an
Eligible Officer before commencement of employment and that specifically refers to the deferability of the Special
Bonus by explicit reference to the Plan. The deferral election with respect to a Special Bonus described in this Section
3.3(c) must be filed prior to the time the Eligible Officer renders any services to the Employer, regardless of whether
the deferral election relates to all of the Special Bonus or a portion of the Special Bonus.
(d) The Deferred Special Bonus of an Eligible Officer who elects to defer all or a portion of the Eligible Officer’s Special
Bonus under this Section 3.3 otherwise payable in a Plan Year shall be credited to the Eligible Officer’s Deferral
Account for such Plan Year and shall be allocated to a Retirement Account or to a Scheduled In—Service Account in
accordance with Section 3.5.
3.4 Employer Matching Contribution Credits.
(a) If a Participant is employed by the Employer or any Related Affiliate on the last day of the Plan Year and if Deferral
Credits have been made to the Participant’s Account with respect to the Plan Year, then to the extent applicable under
the following provisions of this Section 3.4 an Employer Matching Contribution Credit will be made to the
Participant’s Matching Account. The amount of the Employer Matching Contribution Credit, if any, made to a
Participant’s Matching Account for the Plan Year will equal the total amount of Deferred Compensation and Deferred
MIP Bonus credited to the Participant’s Account for the Plan Year under Section 3. l(c) and Section 3.2(c); provided,
however, in no event shall the Employer Matching Contribution Credit made to a Participant’s Matching Account for
a Plan Year exceed 6% of the Participant’s Excess Compensation for such Plan Year. Notwithstanding the preceding
provisions of this Section 3.4(a), an Employer Matching Contribution Credit for a Plan Year shall not be made with
respect to any Deferral Credits for the Plan Year that have been withdrawn in accordance with Section 5.5.
(b) A Participant shall become vested in his or her Matching Account, including earnings thereon, if the Participant has
completed at least three (3) Years of Participation. If a Participant is not otherwise vested in the Participant’s
Matching Account under the preceding sentence of this Section 3.4(b), the
10