B. ApplicablePerformanc,e,Measures,and,Goals,Up,on,PermanentIransfer,.
1. IncentiveiYeariProratednwhenllermanenLTransfeLQccurs,. If you ermanently transfer your Continuous Status
during the Performance Period, then the Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings thereof) and
Performance Goals for the Incentive Year in which you transferred Continuous Status will be prorated and/or adjusted to
reﬂect the proportion of the Incentive Year during which you provided service to Walmart, or, if different, the Affiliate
that initially employed you (the “Initial Employer”) and the proportion of the Incentive Year during which you provided
service to Walmart or, if different, the Affiliate to which you permanently transferred (the “Subsequent Employer”).
2. IncentiveiYearsiEQllowing,Bermanentjiransfen. Once you permanently transfer your Continuous Status, the
Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings thereof) and Performance Goals applicable for the
Subsequent Employer shall be applied to your Performance Units for the subsequent Incentive Years remaining in your
Performance Period.
C. PermanenLTransfersitoiAffiljateiorfBositioniwherefBerformanc,e;BasednAwardsnareiNotiGrantedi. If you
permanently transfer your Continuous Status to an Affiliate or into a position where performance-based Plan Awards are not
granted (other than where Paragraph 6.B applies), then the Performance Measures éincluding any applicable weightings
thereof) and Performance Goals applicable to your Performance Units will be prorate and adjusted in the same method as
set forth in Paragra h 9.B.1. and 9.B.2. above; provided however , that for the purposes of Paragraph 9.B.2., you will be
informed of the applicable performance criteria in respect of the subsequent Incentive Years in your Performance Period.
D. Transfers to New Position with Same Employer . If you transfer to a position with the same Em loyer (as defined
herein) but your new position is subject to different applicable Performance Measures (including any applicable weightings
thereof) and Performance Goals, then the Performance Measures (includin any applicable weightings thereof) and
Performance Goals applicable to your Performance Units for the remainder of tie Performance Period will be prorated and
adjusted using the same methodology as described in Paragraphs 9B. 1. and 9.B.2. above.
10. Iaxesiandlaxﬂithholding:.
A. You agree to consult with any taX advisors you think necessary in connection with your Performance Units and
acknowledge that you are not relying, and will not rely, on Walmart or any Affiliate for any tax advice.
B. You acknowledge that, regardless of any action taken by Walmart (or if different, the Employer), the ultimate
liability for all income tax, social insurance, ension, ayroll taX, fringe benefits tax, payment on account or other tax-related
items related to your participation in the PIan and litgally applicable to you (“Tax-Related Items”) is and remains your
responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by Walmart or the Em loyer. You further acknowled e that
Walmart and/or the Employer (a) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-RelatecI Items
in connection with any aspect of the Performance Units, including, but not limited to, the
6