Table of Contents
Note 8. Derivative Financial Instruments
The Company uses derivative financial instruments for hedging and non-trading purposes to manage its exposure to changes in interest and currency exchange
rates, as well as to maintain an appropriate mix of ﬁxed- and variable-rate debt. Use of derivative ﬁnancial instruments in hedging programs subjects the Company
to certain risks, such as market and credit risks. Market risk represents the possibility that the value of the derivative financial instrument will change. In a hedging
relationship, the change in the value of the derivative financial instrument is offset to a great extent by the change in the value of the underlying hedged item.
Credit risk related to a derivative financial instrument represents the possibility that the counterparty will not fulfill the terms of the contract. The notional, or
contractual, amount of the Company's derivative financial instruments is used to measure interest to be paid or received and does not represent the Company's
exposure due to credit risk. Credit risk is monitored through established approval procedures, including setting concentration limits by counterparty, reviewing
credit ratings and requiring collateral (generally cash) from the counterparty when apprOpriate.
The Company only enters into derivative transactions with counterparties rated "A—" or better by nationally recognized credit rating agencies. Subsequent to
entering into derivative transactions, the Company regularly monitors the credit ratings of its counterparties. In connection with various derivative agreements,
including master netting arrangements, the Company held cash collateral from counterparties of $345 million and $323 million at January 31, 2016 and January 31,
2015 , respectively. The Company records cash collateral received as amounts due to the counterparties exclusive of any derivative asset. Furthermore, as part of
the master netting arrangements with each of these counterparties, the Company is also required to post collateral with a counterparty if the Company's net
derivative liability position exceeds $150 million with such counterparties. The Company had an insignificant amount of cash collateral posted with counterparties
at January 31, 2016 and did not have any cash collateral posted with counterparties at January 31, 2015 . The Company records cash collateral it posts with
counterparties as amounts receivable from those counterparties exclusive of any derivative liability.
The Company uses derivative financial instruments for the purpose of hedging its exposure to interest and currency exchange rate risks and, accordingly, the
contractual terms of a hedged instrument closely mirror those of the hedged item, providing a high degree of risk reduction and correlation. Contracts that are
effective at meeting the risk reduction and correlation criteria are recorded using hedge accounting. If a derivative financial instrument is recorded using hedge
accounting, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the instrument will either be offset against the change in fair value of the hedged
assets, liabilities or ﬁrm commitments through earnings or be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) until the hedged item is recognized in
earnings. Any hedge ineffectiveness is immediately recognized in earnings. The Company's net investment and cash ﬂow instruments are highly effective hedges
and the ineffective portion has not been, and is not expected to be, significant. Instruments that do not meet the criteria for hedge accounting, or contracts for which
the Company has not elected hedge accounting, are recorded at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported in earnings during the period of the change.
Fair Value Instruments
The Company is a party to receive fixed-rate, pay variable-rate interest rate swaps that the Company uses to hedge the fair value of fixed-rate debt. The notional
amounts are used to measure interest to be paid or received and do not represent the Company's exposure due to credit loss. The Company's interest rate swaps that
receive fixed-interest rate payments and pay variable-interest rate payments are designated as fair value hedges. As the specific terms and notional amounts of the
derivative instruments match those of the ﬁxed-rate debt being hedged, the derivative instruments are assumed to be perfectly effective hedges. Changes in the fair
values of these derivative instruments are recorded in earnings, but are offset by corresponding changes in the fair values of the hedged items, also recorded in
earnings, and, accordingly, do not impact the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income. These fair value instruments will mature on dates ranging from
October 2020 to April 2024 .
Net Investment Instruments
The Company is a party to cross-currency interest rate swaps that the Company uses to hedge its net investments. The agreements are contracts to exchange fixed-
rate payments in one currency for fixed-rate payments in another currency. All changes in the fair value of these instruments are recorded in accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss), offsetting the currency translation adjustment of the related investment that is also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss). These instruments will mature on dates ranging from October 2023 to February 2030 .
The Company has issued foreign-currency-denominated long-term debt as hedges of net investments of certain of its foreign operations. These foreign-currency-
denominated long-term debt issuances are designated and qualify as nonderivative hedging instruments. Accordingly, the foreign currency translation of these debt
instruments is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), offsetting the foreign currency translation adjustment of the related net investments that
is also recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). At January 31, 2016 and January 31, 2015 , the Company had ¥10 billion and ¥100 billion ,
respectively, of outstanding long-term debt designated as a hedge of its net investment in Japan, as well as outstanding long-term debt of £25 billion at January 31,
2016 and January 31, 2015 that was designated as a hedge of its net
43