8. AcceleratedJLesting;7YestingnhlotwithstandingjierminationiofiContinuousiStatusibyiDeathioriDisability:. Your
Performance-Based Restricted Stock Will vest earlier than described in Paragraph 5.A above, and such earlier vesting date shall also
be considered a Vesting Date, under the following circumstances:
A. If your Continuous Status is terminated by your Disability, your Performance-Based Restricted Stock that would
have become vested on a Vesting Date no _more than. 90 days after your Continuous Status is so terminated will become vested on
the date your Continuous Status is so terminated. “Disability” for the purpose of this Agreement means, unless prov1ded otherw1se
by a policy of Walmart, a physical or mental conditionresulting from bodily injury, disease or mental disorder that constitutes total
disability under applicable laws and regulations, for which disability benefits have actually been approved, or
. B: If your Continuous Status is terminated bfy reason of your death on or after ten years of service or on or after the
third anniversary of the Grant Date, then your unvested Per ormance-Based Restricted Stock shall immediately become fully vested.
For purposes of this Paragraph 8, your Continuous Status will be considered terminated on the date of death or the date on
which your employment or other service relationship has been legally terminated by reason of Disability. It is your responsibility to
notify the Walmart Global Equity team in the event you terminate due to Disability.
9. DeferraLofBerformanc,e:Bas,e,d,RestrictedStock.
A. MandatoryiDeferralf. If Walmart reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares upon the vesting of
Performance-Based Restricted Stock in any year would, when _con31dered with your other compensation, result in Walmart’s
inability to deduct the value of such Shares because of the limitation on deductible compensation under Code Section 162(m), then
Walmart shall defer the. delivery of such Shares until the first year in which Walmart reasonably anticipates that the related
deduction Wlll not be limited under Section 162(m) (the “First Non-162(m) Year”) in accordance With the Deferral Procedures under
the Plan and Code Section 409A. However, if you have made an irrevocable election to defer such Shares to a date later than the
First Non-162(m) Year, then Walmart shall not deliver such Shares in the First Non-162(m) Year, but shall instead deliver your
Shares in accordance with your irrevocable election and the Deferral Procedures.
B. Elective Deferral of Performance-Based Restricted Stock . If you are eligible to defer delivery of the Shares
underlying your Performance-Based Restricted Stock award to a future date in accordance With Section 7.8 of the Plan and rules and
procedures relating thereto, you will be advised as to when any such deferral election must be made and the rules and procedures
applicable to such deferral election.
10. Taxes and Tax Withholding.
A. You agree to consult with any tax advisors you think necessary in connection with your Performance-Based
Restricted Stock and acknowledge that you are not relying, and will not rely, on Walmart or any Affiliate for any tax advice. Please
see Paragraph lO.F regarding Section 83(b) elections.
4