combination of cash and Shares. To the extent your Plan Award Will be settled in Shares, you hereby acknowledge and agree
that such settlement will be satisfied by WM Canada by forwarding a cash settlement amount in respect of the vested RSUS
to an independent broker who will in turn purchase the Shares on the open market on your behalf. Any Shares so purchased
on the open market shall be delivered to you as set forth in this Paragraph 5.
C. . Mandatory Deferral . If Walmart reasonably anticipates that the delivery of any Shares in any year would, when
conSIdered With your other compensation, result in Walmart’s inability to deduct the value of such Shares because of the
limitation on deductible compensation under Code Section 162(m), then Walmart shall defer the_ delivery of such Shares until
the first year in which Walmart reasonably anticilpates that the related deduction Will not be limited under Section 162(m)
(the “First Non-162(m) Year”) in accordance Wit the Deferral Procedures under the Plan and Code Section 409A and the
regulations thereunder. However, if you have made an irrevocable election to defer such Shares to a date later than. the First
Non-162(m) Year, then Walmart shall not deliver such Shares in the First Non-162(m) Year, but shall instead deliver your
Shares in accordance with your irrevocable election and the Deferral Procedures.
1. CoverediEmpgyeeiPlamAwardsfSubjethojhareholdeLApproxal,. To the extent you are a “covered employee”
within the meaning of Code Section 162(m), your Plan Award and this Agreement are subject to, and conditioned upon,
shareholder approval of the material terms of the performance goals referred to in Paragraph 5.A above.
D. Elective Deferral of Shares . If you are eligible to defer delivery of the Shares underlying your Restricted Stock
award to a future date in accordance With Section 10.9 of the Plan and rules and procedures relating thereto, you Will be
advised as to when any such deferral election must be made and the rules and procedures applicable to such deferral election.
6. ForfeitureiConditions,. Subject to Paragraph 8 below, the Performance Units. that would otherwise vest in whole or in part
on the Vesting Date Will not vest and Will be 1mme iately forfeited if, prior to the Vesting Date:
A. Your Continuous Status terminates for any reason (other than death or Disability, to the extent provided in
Paragraph 8 below); or
B. You have not executed and delivered to Walmart a Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use Agreement, in a form to be
provided to you by Walmart.
Each of the events described in Paragraphs 6A and 6B above shall be referred to as a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of
this Agreement. Furthermore, if applicable, you shall be advised if the Committee has determined that your acceptance of this Plan
Award is further conditioned upon your execution and delivery to Walmart of a Post Termination Agreement and Covenant Not to
Compete, in a form to be provided to you by Walmart. If applicable, the failure to execute and deliver such Post Termination
Agreement and Covenant Not to Compete shall also be deemed a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of this Agreement. Upon the
occurrence of a Forfeiture Condition, you shall have no further rights With respect to such Restricted Stock (including any cash
dividends and non-cash proceeds related to the Restricted Stock for which the record date occurs on or after the date of the
forfeiture) or the underlying Shares.
4