any adverse tax or other legal effect as to this Plan or Walmart.
9.6 Termination of Continuous Status. If a Recipient’s Continuous Status is terminated for any reason other than Cause, then,
Recipient may elect payment with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights that are not subject to Restrictions as of the termination date
to the extent set out in the Recipient’s Notice of Plan Award. To the extent the Recipient is not entitled to or does not elect payment
with respect to a Stock Appreciation Right at the date of termination or within the time specified herein or in the Notice of Plan
Award, the Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate. In addition, the Recipient’s right to exercise Stock Appreciation Rights will be
tolled pending any period initiated by the Committee to determine the existence of Cause with respect to the Recipient regardless of
whether the commencement of such period is prior to, coincident with, or subsequent to the termination of the Recipient’s
Continuous Status. If the Committee determines there is no Cause, then the tolling period will end and the Recipient’s right to elect
payment of Stock Appreciation Rights will be reinstated, provided, however, in no event will the exercise date of a Stock
Appreciation Right be later than the earlier of (a) 90 days following the termination of the Recipient’s Continuous Status plus the
tolling period, or (b) the expiration date of the Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in the Notice of Plan Award. Notwithstanding
any provision in the Plan to the contrary, an Associate’s Continuous Status is not terminated for purposes of the Associate’s Stock
Appreciation Rights if immediately upon the termination of the Associate’s employment relationship with Walmart or an Afﬁliate
the Associate becomes a Non-Management Director.
9.7 Administrative Suspension from Employment. During a period for which the Recipient is subject to administrative
suspension from employment, the Recipient’s right to elect payment of Stock Appreciation Rights will be suspended. If upon the
conclusion of the administrative suspension the Recipient returns to employment, then the Recipient’s right to elect payment of
Stock Appreciation Rights will be reinstated subject to Restrictions set forth in the Notice of Plan Award; provided, however, in no
event will the date of the payment election be later than the expiration date of the term of the Stock Appreciation Right as set forth in
the Notice of Plan Award.
9.8 Limitation of Rights. A Recipient of Stock Appreciation Rights is not entitled to any rights of a holder of the Shares (e.g.,
voting rights and dividend rights), prior to the receipt of such Shares pursuant to the Plan.
9.9 Withholding. The Committee may withhold in accordance with Section 11.10 any amounts necessary to collect any
withholding taxes upon any taxable event relating to the Stock Appreciation Rights.
9.10 Deferral of Stock Appreciation Rights. At the time of grant of a Plan Award of Stock Appreciation Rights the Committee
may permit a Recipient who is exempt from US. taxation and who is expected to remain exempt from US. taxation until the Plan
Award is settled to elect to defer the Shares or cash to be delivered in settlement of a Stock Appreciation Right in accordance with
rules and procedures established by the Committee.
PERFORMANCE UNITS
10.1 Grant. Walmart may grant Performance Units to those Associates and Non-Management Directors as it may select in its sole
discretion, on any terms and conditions the Committee deems desirable. Each Plan Award of Performance Units shall have those
terms and conditions