Table of Contents
comparable store and club sales when the conversion of that store is accompanied by a relocation or expansion that results in a change in the store's retail square
feet of more than five percent. Comparable store and club sales are also referred to as "same-store" sales by others within the retail industry. The method of
calculating comparable store and club sales varies across the retail industry. As a result, our calculation of comparable store and club sales is not necessarily
comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
In discussing our operating results, we use the term "currency exchange rates" to refer to the currency exchange rates we use to convert the operating results for all
countries where the functional currency is not the US. dollar into US. dollars for financial reporting purposes. We calculate the effect of changes in currency
exchange rates from the prior period to the current period as the difference between current period activity translated using the current period's currency exchange
rates, and current period activity translated using the comparable prior year period's currency exchange rates. Throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of
this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations. Volatility in currency exchange rates may impact the results, including net sales and operating
income, of the Company and the Walmart International segment in the future.
We made certain reclassiﬁcations to prior period amounts or balances to conform to the presentation in the current fiscal year. These reclassifications did not
impact the Company's operating income or consolidated net income.
The Retail Industry
We operate in the highly competitive retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar,
variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as e-commerce and catalog businesses. Many of these competitors are national, regional or
international chains or have a national or international online presence. We compete with a number of companies for prime retail site locations, as well as in
attracting and retaining quality employees (whom we call "associates"). We, along with other retail companies, are inﬂuenced by a number of factors including, but
not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit
availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations, customer preferences, deﬂation, inﬂation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions,
insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. Further information on the factors that can affect our operating
results and on certain risks to our Company and an investment in its securities can be found under "Item 1A. Risk F actors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the ﬁscal year ended January 31, 2016 , and in the discussion under "Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Information" in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2016 .
4