Qgital. Walmart U.S. provides its customers access to a broad assortment of merchandise, including products not found in our physical stores, and services online
through our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications. Walmartcom experiences on average 85 million unique visits a month and offers access to
approximately 8 million SKUs. In addition, our e-commerce website includes Marketplace, a feature of the website that permits third parties to sell merchandise on
walmartcom. Digital retail is integrated with our physical stores through services like "Walmart Pickup," "Pickup Today" and "Online Grocery." The Walmart
U.S. segment also offers access to digital content and services including Vudu and InstaWatch.
Merchandise. Walmart US. does business in six strategic merchandise units, listed below, across several store formats including supercenters, discount stores,
Neighborhood Markets and other small store formats, as well as walmartcom.
° Grocery consists of a full line of grocery items, including meat, produce, natural & organics, deli & bakery, dairy, frozen foods, alcoholic and
nonalcoholic beverages, ﬂoral and dry grocery, as well as consumables such as health and beauty aids, baby products, household chemicals, paper goods
and pet supplies;
0 Health and wellness includes pharmacy, optical services, clinical services, over-the-counter drugs and other medical products;
0 Entertainment contains electronics, toys, cameras and supplies, photo processing services, cellular phones, cellular service plan contracts and prepaid
service, movies, music, video games and books;
- Hardlines consist of stationery, automotive, hardware and paint, sporting goods, fabrics and crafts and seasonal merchandise;
0 Apparel includes apparel for women, girls, men, boys and infants, as well as shoes, jewelry and accessories; and
- Horne includes home furnishings, housewares and small appliances, bedding, home decor, outdoor living and horticulture.
The Walmart U.S. segment also offers fuel and financial services and related products, including money orders, prepaid cards, wire transfers, money transfers,
check cashing and bill payment. These services total less than 1% of annual net sales.
National brand merchandise represents a significant portion of the merchandise sold in the Walmart U.S. segment. We also market lines of merchandise under our
private-label store brands, including: "Equate," "Everstart," "Faded Glory," "George," "Great Value," "Holiday Time," "Hometrends," "Mainstays," "Marketside,"
"No Boundaries," "01' Roy," "Ozark Trail," "Parent's Choice," "Prima Della," "Pure Balance," "Sam's Choice," "Special Kitty," "Spring Valley" and "White Stag."
The Company also markets lines of merchandise under licensed brands, some of which include: "Better Homes & Gardens," "Danskin Now," "Farberware,"
"General Electric," "OP," "Rival," "Russell," "Starter," and "Straight Talk."
The percentage of net sales for the Walmart U.S. segment, including online sales, represented by each strategic merchandise unit was as follows for fiscal 2016 ,
2015 and 2014:
Fiscal Years Ended January 31,
STRATEGIC MERCHANDISE UNITS _ 2016 _ 2015 _ 2014
lGrocery 56% 56% 56% l
Health and wellness 11% 11% 10%
’Entertainment 9% 10% 1 1% ‘
Hardlines 9% 9% 9%
[Apparel 8% 7% 7% l
Home 7% _ 7% _ 7%
lTotal V 100% 100% 100%
Periodically, revisions are made to the categorization of the components comprising our strategic merchandise units. When revisions are made, the previous
period's presentation is adjusted to maintain comparability.
Qp,erations.,Hours of operation for nearly all supercenters, and an increasing number of discount stores and Neighborhood Markets, are 24 hours each day. A
variety of payment methods are accepted at our stores and through our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications.
SeasonalAspectsioinperations.,The Walmart U.S. segment's business is seasonal to a certain extent due to calendar events and national and religious holidays,
as well as different weather patterns. Historically, its highest sales volume and segment operating income have occurred in the ﬁscal quarter ending January 31.
8