Table of Contents
Returns
While we are focused primarily on growth, we also place a priority on generating returns to ensure our approach is appropriately balanced. We generate returns by
efficiently deploying assets and effectively managing working capital. We monitor these efforts through our return on investment and free cash ﬂow metrics, which
we discuss below. In addition, we are focused on providing returns to our shareholders in the form of share repurchases and dividends, which are discussed in the
Liquidity and Capital Resources section.
Return on Investment
Management believes return on investment ("R01") is a meaningful metric to share with investors because it helps investors assess how effectively Walmart is
deploying its assets. Trends in ROI can ﬂuctuate over time as management balances long-term potential strategic initiatives with possible short-term impacts.
ROI was 15.5% and 16.9% for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2016 and 2015 , respectively. The decline in ROI was primarily due to our decrease in operating
income, as well as continued capital investments.
We deﬁne ROI as adjusted operating income (operating income plus interest income, depreciation and amortization, and rent expense) for the fiscal year divided
by average invested capital during that period. We consider average invested capital to be the average of our beginning and ending total assets, plus average
accumulated depreciation and average accumulated amortization, less average accounts payable and average accrued liabilities for that period, plus a rent factor
equal to the rent for the fiscal year multiplied by a factor of eight. When we have discontinued operations, we exclude the impact of the discontinued operations.
Our calculation of ROI is considered a non-GAAP financial measure because we calculate ROI using financial measures that exclude and include amounts that are
included and excluded in the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in
the US. ("GAAP"). For example, we exclude the impact of depreciation and amortization from our reported operating income in calculating the numerator of our
calculation of ROI. In addition, we include a factor of eight for rent expense that estimates the hypothetical capitalization of our operating leases. We consider
return on assets ("ROA") to be the financial measure computed in accordance with GAAP that is the most directly comparable financial measure to our calculation
of R01. R01 differs from ROA (which is consolidated income from continuing operations for the period divided by average total assets of continuing operations
for the period) because ROI: adjusts operating income to exclude certain expense items and adds interest income; adjusts total assets of continuing operations for
the impact of accumulated depreciation and amortization, accounts payable and accrued liabilities; and incorporates a factor of rent to arrive at total invested
capital. Because of the adjustments mentioned above, we believe ROI more accurately measures how we are deploying our key assets and is more meaningful to
investors than ROA.
Although R01 is a standard ﬁnancial metric, numerous methods exist for calculating a company's ROI. As a result, the method used by management to calculate
our ROI may differ from the methods used by other companies to calculate their ROI.
7