We may face impediments to our expansion of physical retail in the U.S., which may materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
Our expansion strategy in the US. depends upon our ability to execute our retail concepts successfully in new markets within the US. and upon our ability to
increase the number Of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. Our ability to open additional supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood
Markets, other store formats, and Sam's Clubs depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and to acquire new store sites
on acceptable terms. Local real estate, land use, zoning, and other regulations restricting the construction Of buildings Of the type in which we operate our various
formats, as well as local community action Opposed to the location of specific stores at speciﬁc sites and the adoption Of certain local laws restricting our
operations, may affect our ability tO Open new stores and clubs, to convert discount stores into supercenters or tO relocate or expand existing units in certain cities
and states, including in market areas in which we have no existing operations.
Increased real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth Opportunities and our ability tO convert our discount stores intO supercenters.
Moreover, our expansion in our existing local market areas may be limited if the opening Of new stores or clubs would result in an unacceptable level Of
cannibalization of the sales Of existing stores or clubs. If we are unable to open new supercenters, discount stores, Neighborhood Markets, other small formats or
Sam's Clubs or continue to convert discount stores into supercenters, our financial performance, such as net sales and operating income growth, could be materially
adversely affected. In addition, if consumers in the markets into which we expand or in which we build stores Of a new format are not receptive tO our retail
concepts or are otherwise not receptive tO our presence in a market, our ﬁnancial performance could be adversely affected.
Impediments to the expansion of our Walmart International operations could materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance.
Our business strategy for our Walmart International segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and markets tO
our existing Walmart International business, as well as opening new units in the countries in which we have existing operations. In the countries in which we have
existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as
supercenters or Sam's Clubs, not previously operated in those markets. As in the US, our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing stores in a
market served by our Walmart International segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to
acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. Local laws can affect our ability to acquire attractive pre-existing buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to
build new units or to expand existing units. In addition, access tO local suppliers Of certain types Of goods may limit our ability tO add new units or to expand
product selections in existing units in certain markets, especially in those markets in which consumers desire tO purchase locally produced goods.
Moreover, cultural differences in some markets into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets
not being as receptive to our retail concepts as we anticipate those consumers will be and may make an effective response to such issues more difﬁcult to achieve.
Economic, business and legal environments in foreign markets may be such that we are unable to expand our operations and increase our net sales in those markets
as we may want to do and could result in the closure Of our existing units in such markets, which closures impede the growth Of our international operations.
Finally, some countries have foreign investment laws that prohibit us or limit us from holding a controlling interest in retail operations in those countries, making
our entry into those markets, which may present attractive growth Opportunities, more difficult, if not impossible. If we cannot effectively continue to expand our
Walmart International segment, our ability tO grow our business could be adversely affected.
We may be unable to continue tO identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and may not be successful in completing the acquisition Of any such
candidate identified. Although we ultimately believe we will be able to successfully integrate any newly acquired Operations intO our existing Operations, no
certainty exists that future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our Operations or can be successfully integrated in a reasonable time. Our
failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or tO integrate effectively future acquisitions and alliances intO our existing Operations could
adversely affect the growth of our Walmart International segment and our future financial performance.
Financial Risks
Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our ﬁnancial performance and our reported results of operations.
Our Operations in countries other than the US. are conducted primarily in the local currencies of those countries. Our consolidated financial statements are
denominated in US. dollars, and to prepare those ﬁnancial statements we must translate the amounts Of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses
Of our Operations outside Of the US. from local currencies into US. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. In recent years, ﬂuctuations in currency
exchange rates that were unfavorable to us coupled with such translations have had a material adverse effect on our reported results Of
22