including, but not limited to, your name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance identiﬁcation number
or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Walmart or an Affiliate, details of all
Performance Units or any other awards granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for
the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith and its aﬁiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by Walmart in
the future, which is assisting Walmart in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the
reczpients of the Data may be located in your country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country (e.g., the United States) may
have different data privacy laws and protections than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and
addresses of any potential recipients of Data by contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize Walmart,
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith and any other possible reczpients which may assist Walmart (presently or in the future) with
implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form,
for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing your particzpation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer of
Data as may be required to Walmart’s designated broker or other third party. You understand that Data will be held only as long as
is necessary to implement, administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the
United States, you may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require
any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing
your local human resources representative. Further, you understand that you are providing the consents herein on a purely
voluntary basis. If you do not consent, or if you later seek to revoke your consent, your Continuous Status and career with the
Employer will not be adversely affected; the only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing your consent is that Walmart
would not be able to grant Performance Units or other Plan Awards to you or administer or maintain such Plan Awards. Therefore,
you understand that refusing or withdrawing your consent may aﬂect your ability to participate in the Plan. For more information
on the consequences of your refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, you understand that you may contact your local human
resources representative.
16. cher,Provis,ions,.
A. Determinations regarding this Agreement (including, but not limited to, whether, and the extent to which, the
Performance Measures and Performance Goals referred to in Paragraph 5 have been satisfied, and whether an event has
occurred resulting in the forfeiture of or accelerated vesting of a Performance Unit) shall be made by the Committee in its
sole and exclusive discretion and in accordance with this Agreement and the Plan, and all determinations of the Committee
shall be final and conclusive and binding on you and your successors and heirs.
B. Walmart reserves the right to amend, abandon or terminate the Plan, including this Agreement, at any time subject
to Committee approval. Nothing in the Plan should be construed as to create any expectations that the Plan will be in force
and effect for an indefinite period of time nor shall give rise to any claims to acquired rights or similar legal theories.
10