of this Agreement (including whether you may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence);
N. unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by Walmart in its discretion, the Performance-Based Restricted Stock and
the benefits evidenced by this Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, the Shares
underlying the Performance-Based Restricted Stock, or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor to be
exchanged, or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares underlying the Performance-Based
Restricted Stock, and
0. if you are providing services outside of the United States: neither Walmart nor any Affiliate shall be liable for any
foreign exchange rate ﬂuctuation between your local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the
Performance-Based Restricted Stock or of any amounts due to you pursuant to the settlement of the Performance-Based Restricted
Stock or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement.
14. No Advice Regarding Award . Walmart and/or its Affiliates are not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor are
Walmart or any Affiliate making any recommendation regarding your participation in the Plan or the Shares underlying the RSUS
acquired upon vesting. You are advised to consult with your personal tax, legal, and financial advisors regarding the decision to
participate in the Plan and before taking any action related to the Plan.
15. Data,Briv,aCy:. You hereby explicitly and unambiguously consent to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other
form, of your personal data as described in this Agreement and any other grant materials by and among, as applicable, Walmart
and any Affiliate for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing your particzpation in the Plan. You
understand that Walmart and its Affiliates ma hold certain personal information about you, including, but not limited to, your
name, home address and telephone number, dblte of birth, social insurance identification number or other identiﬁcation number,
salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in Walmart or an Aﬁiliate, details of all RSUS or any other awards
granted, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in your favor (“Data”), for the exclusive purpose of implementing,
administering and managing the Plan. You understand that Data may be transferred to Merrill Lynch, Pierce, F enner & Smith and
its aﬁiliates or such other stock plan service provider as may be selected by Walmart in the future, which is assisting Walmart in the
implementation, administration and management of the Plan. You understand that the reci ients of the Data ma be located in your
country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country (e. g., the United States) may have dgferent data privacy ldws and protections
than your country. You understand that you may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Data by
contacting your local human resources representative. You authorize Walmart, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith and any
other possible recipients which may assist Walmart (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the
Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing,
administering and managing your partici ation in the Plan, including any re uisite transfer of Data as may be required to
Walmart’s designated broker or other thiraP party. You understand that Data will ge held only as long as is necessary to implement,
administer and manage your participation in the Plan. You understand that if you reside outside the United States, you may, at any
time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and
8