to his or her Account, and the timing for such sale of Stock shall be in accordance with rules and procedures established by the
Committee from time to time.
(a). . The sale dprice for a share _of Stock under the Plan shall be the average price of all shares of Stock sold by
the Account Adm1n1s_trator on the ate of the Part1cipant’s sale transactlon', prov1ded, however, t at the Committee reserves the ﬁght
to Implement a real-time trad1ng or Similar mechanism for Part1c1pants’ sales of shares of Stock from the1r respect1ve Accounts
under the Plan and the valuation of shares of Stock would be in accordance with any such mechanism.
(b) Upon such sale, the Account Administrator shall mail to the Participant a check (or such method of
payment as approved by the Commlttee or 1ts delegate) for the proceeds, less the brokerage comm1ss10n, and other normal charges
such as sales fees, wh1ch are payable by the Part1cipant.
(c) Such instruction to the Account Administrator, or a request for delivery of Stock certificates held in the
Participant’s Account, will not affect the Participant’s status as a Participant under the Plan unless an Account Closure occurs.
(d) With respect to non-US. Participants, shares of Stock are sold or traded in US. dollars and such amounts
can be converted for the purpose of remitting the proceeds to the non-US. Participant. If the proceeds from the sale of shares of
Stock held 1n the Particrpant’s Account are converted, such convers1on shall be made pursuant to the exchange rate published 1n The
WallStreetlournaLon the date such transaction is executed. All such Participants assume the risk of ﬂuctuations in the value or
market pr1ce of shares of Stock and appllcable currency exchange rates.
V. ACCOUNT CLOSURE & TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT
5.1. Account Closure . A Participant who elects to discontinue Payroll Deductions under the Plan shall continue to be a Participant
until the earlier of a Participant Account Closure or an Automatic Account Closure occurring. In connection with a Participant
Account Closure, the Participant must elect to have his or her Account fully distributed in either (1) Stock (except that the value of
any fractional shares of Stock will be distributed in cash less any applicable fees) or (2) cash by directing all full shares (and
fractional interests) of Stock to be sold with the proceeds, less applicable brokerage commissions and other applicable fees, being
distributed.
5.2. Ey Termination of Employment Other Than Due to Death of Participant . The Account of a Participant who incurs a
termination of employment (other than by reason of death) with the Company or a Participating Employer will continue to be
maintained with the annual fees and any other applicable charges being paid by the Participant in accordance with Section 4.8(c) of
the Plan.
5.3. Ey Transferring Employment from the Company or a Participating Employer to an Affiliate . A Participant who transfers
employment from the Company or a Participating Employer to an Affiliate who does not sponsor or participate in the Plan may
continue to have his or her Account maintained at the expense of the Company while still employed with an Afﬁliate until the earlier
of a Participant Account Closure or an Automatic Account Closure occurring (provided that such Automatic Account Closure can
only occur following termination
8