B. . you shall have the right .to receive, free of vesting conditions (but subject to applicable withholding taxes),
d1v1dend equ1valent payments made 1n the form of cash (pa1d to you 1n your normal payroll), untll the Vestlng Date(s) shown
below; and
C. You will not have any other beneficial rights as a shareholder of Walmart due to the RSUs. Upon receipt of the
Shares, however, you _will be accorded the same. rightsand responsibilities as any shareholder of Walmart, and will be
prov1ded wrth information regardlng Walmart that IS prov1ded to a 1 other shareholders of Walmart.
5. . _ Vesting of the RSUs and Delivery of Shares . Your RSUs will vest as follows, provided you have not incurred a Forfeiture
Cond1tion (as defmed 1n Paragraph 6 below):
l Percentage of RSUS Vesting I Vesting Date I
Upon the vesting of your RSUs, subject to Paragraph 9 below, you shall be entitled to receive a number of Shares equal to
the number of vested RSUs, less any Shares withheld or sold to satisfy tax withholding obligations as set forth in Paragraph 10
below. The Shares shall be delivered to you as soon as administratively feasible, but in any event within 74 days of the Vesting Date.
Such Shares will be deposited into an account in your name with a broker or other third party designated by Walmart. You will be
responsible for all fees imposed by such designated broker or other third party designated by Walmart.
Furthermore, Walmart or Wal-Mart Canada Corp. or an Affiliate (“WM Canada”), in their sole discretion, also may settle
your vested RSUs in cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares. To the extent your Plan Award will be settled in Shares, you
hereby acknowledge and agree that such settlement will be satisfied by WM Canada by forwarding a cash settlement amount in
respect of the vested RSUs to an independent broker who will in turn purchase the Shares on the open market on your behalf. Any
Shares so purchased on the open market shall be delivered to you as set forth in this Paragraph 5.
6. Forfeiture Conditions . Subject to Paragraph 8 below, the RSUs that would otherwise vest in whole or in part on the
Vesting Date will not vest and will be immediately forfeited if, prior to the Vesting Date:
A. your Continuous Status terminates for any reason (other than death or Disability, to the extent provided in
Paragraph 8 below); or
B. . You have not executed and delivered to Walmart a Non-Disclosure and Restricted Use Agreement, in a form to be
prov1ded to you by Walmart.
Each of the events described in Paragraphs 6A and 6B above shall be referred to as a “Forfeiture Condition” for purposes of
this Agreement. Furthermore, if applicable, you shall be advised if the Committee has determined that your acceptance of this Plan
Award is further
2