Table of Contents
Board of Directors
Aida M. Alvarez
Ms. Alvarez is the former Administrator of the US. Small Business Administration and was a member of President Clinton's Cabinet from 1997 to 2001.
James I. Cash, Jr., Ph.D.
Dr. Cash is the James E. Robison Professor of Business Administration, Emeritus at Harvard Business School, where he served from July 1976 to October 2003.
Roger C. Corbett
Mr. Corbett is the retired Chief Executive Officer and Group Managing Director of Woolworths Limited, the largest retail company in Australia.
Pamela J. Craig
Ms. Craig is the retired Chief Financial Officer of Accenture plc, a global management consulting, technology services, and outsourcing company.
Michael T. Duke
Mr. Duke is the former Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., where he served in that capacity until January
31, 2015. He previously served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. from February 2009 to January 2014.
Timothy P. Flynn
Mr. Flynn is the retired Chairman of KPMG International, a professional services firm.
Thomas W. Horton
Mr. Horton is the former Chairman of American Airlines Group Inc. and the former Chairman of American Airlines, Inc. He also previously served as the
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AMR Corporation and CEO of American Airlines, Inc.
Marissa A. Mayer
Ms. Mayer is the Chief Executive Officer and President and Director of Yahoo! , Inc., a digital media company.
C. Douglas McMillon
Mr. McMillon is the President and Chief Executive Ofﬁcer of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Gregory B. Penner
Mr. Penner is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and a General Partner at Madrone Capital Partners, an investment firm.
Steven S Reinemund
Mr. Reinemund is the retired Dean of Business and Professor of Leadership and Strategy at Wake Forest University. He previously served as the Chairman of the
Board and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo, Inc.
Kevin Y. Systrom
Mr. Systrom is the Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Instagram, a social media application.
Jim C. Walton
Mr. Walton is the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Arvest Bank Group, Inc., a group of banks operating in the states of
Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma.
S. Robson Walton
Mr. Walton is the retired Chairman of the Board of Directors of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.
Linda S. Wolf
Ms. Wolf is the retired Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Leo Burnett Worldwide, Inc., an advertising agency and division of
Publicis Groupe SA.
6 1