that are expressly set forth in, or are required by, the Plan and Notice of Plan Award.
10.2 Performance Goals. The Committee shall set Performance Goals which, depending on the extent to which they are met
during a Performance Period, will determine the number of Performance Units that will be earned by the Recipient at the end of the
Performance Period. The Performance Goals shall be set at threshold, target and maximum performance levels, with the number of
Performance Units to be earned tied to the degree of attainment of the various performance levels under the various Performance
Goals during the Performance Period. No Performance Units will be earned if the threshold performance level is not attained.
10.3 Beneﬁcial Ownership. The Recipient of Performance Units shall not have any beneficial ownership in any Shares subject to
the Performance Units unless and until Shares are delivered in satisfaction of the Performance Units nor shall the Recipient have the
right to sell, transfer, assign, convey, pledge, hedge, hypothecate, grant any security interest in or mortgage on, or otherwise dispose
of or encumber any Performance Units or any interest therein. Except as required by any law, neither the Performance Units nor any
interest therein shall be subject in any manner to any forced or involuntary sale, transfer, conveyance, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, or other disposition or to any charge, liability, debt, or obligation of the Recipient, whether as the direct or indirect
result of any action of the Recipient or any action taken in any proceeding, including any proceeding under any bankruptcy or other
creditors’ rights law. Any action attempting to effect any transaction of that type shall be void.
10.4 Determination of Achievement of Performance Goals. The Committee shall, promptly after the date on which the
necessary ﬁnancial, individual or other information for a particular Performance Period becomes available, determine and certify the
degree to which each of the Performance Goals have been attained.
10.5 Settlement of Performance Units. After the applicable Performance Period has ended, the Recipient of Performance Units
shall be entitled to payment based on the performance level attained with respect to the Performance Goals applicable to the
Performance Units. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce, eliminate or increase any amount of Shares or cash earned
under Performance Units for any individual or group, except that such amount of Shares or cash intended to be a Qualified
Performance Based Award may not be increased above the amount provided in the Notice of Plan Award. Unless deferred in
accordance with Section 10.9, Performance Units shall be settled as soon as practicable after the Committee determines and certifies
the degree of attainment of Performance Goals for the Performance Period.
The Committee shall have the discretion and authority to make adjustments to any Performance Units in circumstances where,
during the Performance Period: (a) a Recipient leaves Walmart or an Affiliate and is subsequently rehired‘, (b) a Recipient transfers
between positions with different incentive percentages or Performance Goals, (c) a Recipient transfers to a position not eligible to
participate in the Plan, (d) a Recipient becomes eligible, or ceases to be eligible, for an incentive from another incentive plan
maintained by Walmart or an Affiliate, (e) a Recipient is on a leave of absence; and (f) similar circumstances deemed appropriate by
the Committee, consistent with the purpose and terms of the Plan, provided however, that the Committee shall not be authorized to
increase the amount of Performance Units payable to a Covered Employee that would otherwise be payable if the amount was
intended to be Qualified Performance Based Award.
10.6 Payments to Recipients. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Notice of Plan