Non-
Recourse Weighted Weighted
Kimco Mortgages Number of Average Average
Ownership Number of Payable Encumbered Interest Term
Venture Interest Properties (in millions) Properties Rate (months)*
[ KimPru and KimPru II (a) 15.0% 48 $ 448.6 16 3.31% 73.0 J
KIR (9) 48.6% 45 $ 730.7 38 4.69% 55.4
[ CPP (9) 55.0% 5 $ 84.8 1 2.17% 16.0 ]
* Average remaining term includes extensions
(a) Represents the Company’s joint ventures with Prudential Global Investment Management. As of December 31, 2016, KimPru also has an
unsecured term loan with an outstanding balance of $200.0 million, which is scheduled to mature in August 2019, with two one-year extension
options at the joint venture’s discretion, and bears interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.75% (2.52% at December 31, 2016).
(b) Represents the Company’s joint ventures with certain institutional investors. As of December 31, 2016, KIR has an unsecured revolving credit
facility with an outstanding balance of $16.0 million, which is scheduled to mature in June 2018, with two one-year extension options at the joint
venture’s discretion, and bears interest at a rate equal to LIBOR plus 1.75% (2.52% at December 31, 2016).
(c) Represents the Company’s joint ventures with Canada Pension Plan Investment Board (CPPIB).
The Company has various other unconsolidated real estate joint ventures with varying structures. As of December 31, 2016, these
other unconsolidated joint ventures had individual non-recourse mortgage loans aggregating $584.3 million. The aggregate debt as of
December 31, 2016, of all of the Company’s unconsolidated real estate joint ventures is $2.1 billion. As of December 31, 2016, these
loans had scheduled maturities ranging from one month to 10 years and bore interest at rates ranging from 2.01% to 7.25%.
Approximately $358.2 million of the aggregate outstanding loan balance matures in 2017. These maturing loans are anticipated to be
repaid with operating cash ﬂows, debt refinancing and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate (see Footnote 8 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K).
Other Real Estate Investments
The Company previously provided capital to owners and developers of real estate properties through its Preferred Equity
Program. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s net investment under the Preferred Equity Program was $193.7 million relating
to 365 properties, including 346 net leased properties. As of December 31, 2016, these preferred equity investment properties had
individual non-recourse mortgage loans aggregating $427.4 million. These loans have scheduled maturities ranging from one month
to eight years and bear interest at rates ranging from 4.19% to 10.47%. Due to the Company’s preferred position in these investments,
the Company’s share of each investment is subject to ﬂuctuation and is dependent upon property cash ﬂows. The Company’s
maximum exposure to losses associated with its preferred equity investments is limited to its invested capital.
Funds From Operations
Funds From Operations (“FFO”) is a supplemental non-GAAP measure utilized to evaluate the operating performance of real
estate companies. The National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (“NAREIT”) defines FFO as net income/(loss)
attributable to common shareholders computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
(“GAAP”), excluding (i) gains or losses from sales of operating real estate assets and change in control of interests, plus (ii)
depreciation and amortization of operating properties and (iii) impairment of depreciable real estate and in substance real estate equity
investments and (iv) after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures calculated to reﬂect funds from operations
on the same basis.
The Company presents FFO as it considers it an important supplemental measure of our operating performance and believes it is
frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of REITs, many of which present FFO
when reporting results. Comparison of our presentation of FF O to similarly titled measures for other REITs may not necessarily be
meaningful due to possible differences in the application of the NAREIT definition used by such REITs.
The Company also presents FFO as adjusted as an additional supplemental measure as it believes it is more reﬂective of the
Company’s core operating performance. The Company believes FF O as adjusted provides investors and analysts an additional
measure in comparing the Company’s performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not
believe are indicative of our core operating performance. FF O as adjusted is generally calculated by the Company as FFO excluding
certain transactional income and expenses and non-operating impairments which management believes are not reﬂective of the results
within the Company’s operating real estate portfolio.
FF O is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of real estate companies’ operating performances, which does not represent
cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and therefore should not be considered an alternative for net
income as a measure of liquidity. Our method of calculating FFO and FF O as adjusted may be different from methods used by other
REITs and, accordingly, may not be comparable to such other REITs.
3 1