Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto included in
this Form 10-K. Historical results and percentage relationships set forth in the Consolidated Statements of Income contained in the
Consolidated Financial Statements, including trends, should not be taken as indicative of future operations.
Executive Summary
Kimco Realty Corporation is one of the nation’s largest publicly-traded owners and operators of open-air shopping centers. As of
December 31, 2016, the Company had interests in 525 shopping center properties aggregating 85.4 million square feet of GLA located
in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. In addition, the Company had 384 other property interests, primarily through the Company’s
preferred equity investments and other real estate investments, totaling 6.3 million square feet of GLA.
The executive officers are engaged in the day-to-day management and operation of real estate exclusively with the Company,
with nearly all operating functions, including leasing, asset management, maintenance, construction, legal, finance and accounting,
administered by the Company.
The Company’s strategy is to be the premier owner and operator of open-air shopping centers through investments primarily in the
US. To achieve this strategy the Company is (i) continuing to transform the quality of its portfolio by disposing of lesser quality assets and
acquiring larger higher quality properties in key markets identified by the Company, for which substantial progress has been achieved as of
the end of 2016, (ii) simplifying its business by: (a) reducing the number of joint venture investments and (b) exiting Mexico, South
America and Canada, for which the exit of South America has been completed, Mexico has been substantially completed and the Company
essentially sold all operating properties in Canada, (iii) pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its portfolio to increase overall value
and (iv) selectively acquiring land parcels in our key markets for real estate development projects for long-term investment. As part of the
Company’s strategy each property is evaluated for its highest and best use, which may include residential and mixed-use components. In
addition, the Company may consider other opportunistic investments related to retailer controlled real estate such as, repositioning
underperforming retail locations, retail real estate financing and bankruptcy transaction support. The Company has an active capital
recycling program which provides for the disposition of certain U.S. properties. If the Company accepts sales prices for any of these assets
that are less than their net carrying values, the Company would be required to take impairment charges and such amounts could be material.
In order to execute the Company’s strategy, the Company intends to continue to strengthen its balance sheet by pursuing deleveraging
efforts over time, providing it the necessary ﬂexibility to invest opportunistically and selectively, primarily focusing on US. open-air
shopping centers.
The following highlights the Company’s significant transactions, events and results that occurred during the year ended December
31, 2016:
Financial and Portfolio Information:
0 Net income available to common shareholders was $332.6 million, or $0.79 per diluted share for the year ended December
31, 2016, as compared to $831.2 million, or $2.00 per diluted share for the corresponding period in 2015. This change was
primarily attributable to lower gains on sales of operating properties (including joint ventures) of $378.9 million, net of tax
and $49.9 million of higher impairments attributable to the sale or pending disposition of operating properties in 2016 (see
“Results of Operations” for additional detail).
0 Funds from operations (“FFO”) decreased to $555.7 million or $1.32 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2016
from $643.2 million or $1.56 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2015, (see additional disclosure on FFO
beginning on page 31).
o FF O as adjusted increased to $629.4 million or $1.50 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $603.4
million or $1.46 per diluted share for the year ended December 31, 2015, (see additional disclosure on FF O beginning on
page 31).
0 US. same property net operating income (“U.S. same property NOI”) increased 2.8% for the year ended December 31, 2016,
as compared to the corresponding period in 2015 (see additional disclosure on US. same property NOI beginning on page
32).
o Executed 935 new leases, renewals and options totaling approximately 6.8 million square feet in the Consolidated Operating
Portfolio.
0 The Company’s consolidated operating portfolio occupancy at December 31, 2016 was 95.2%.
Acquisition Activity (see Footnotes 3, 4 and 8 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K):
0 Acquired 12 consolidated operating properties and two out-parcels comprising an aggregate 2.7 million square feet of GLA,
for an aggregate purchase price of $645.6 million including the assumption of $284.7 million of non-recourse mortgage debt
encumbering 10 of the properties. The Company acquired nine of these properties for an aggregate purchase price of $505.9
million from joint ventures in which the Company previously held noncontrolling ownership interests and recognized an
aggregate gain on change in control of interests of $57.4 million from the fair value adjustment.
17