KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
on evaluation of information and estimates available at that date. Fair value is determined based on an exit price approach, which
contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. If, up to one year from the acquisition date for an acquisition qualifying as a
business combination, information regarding fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are
refined, appropriate adjustments are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The Company
expenses transaction costs associated with business combinations in the period incurred. The Company has elected to early adopt
ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business at the beginning of its fiscal year
ended December 31, 2017, including its interim periods within the year, and will appropriately apply the guidance to its
prospective asset acquisitions of operating properties, which includes the capitalization of acquisition costs.
In allocating the purchase price to identified intangible assets and liabilities of an acquired property, the value of above-market
and below-market leases is estimated based on the present value of the difference between the contractual amounts, including
fixed rate below-market lease renewal options, to be paid pursuant to the leases and management’s estimate of the market lease
rates and other lease provisions (i.e., expense recapture, base rental changes, etc.) measured over a period equal to the estimated
remaining term of the lease. The capitalized above-market or below-market intangible is amortized to rental income over the
estimated remaining term of the respective leases, which includes the expected renewal option period for below-market leases.
Mortgage debt discounts or premiums are amortized into interest expense over the remaining term of the related debt instrument.
In determining the value of in—place leases, management considers current market conditions and costs to execute similar leases in
arriving at an estimate of the carrying costs during the expected lease-up period from vacant to existing occupancy. In estimating
carrying costs, management includes real estate taxes, insurance, other operating expenses, estimates of lost rental revenue during
the expected lease-up periods and costs to execute similar leases including leasing commissions, legal and other related costs
based on current market demand. The value assigned to in—place leases and tenant relationships is amortized over the estimated
remaining term of the leases. If a lease were to be terminated prior to its scheduled expiration, all unamortized costs relating to
that lease would be written off.
Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, as follows:
[ Buildings and building improvements 15 to 50 years 1
Fixtures, leasehold and tenant improvements Terms of leases or useful
(including certain identified intangible assets) lives, whichever is shorter
The Company periodically assesses the useﬁJl lives of its depreciable real estate assets, including those expected to be
redeveloped in future periods, and accounts for any revisions prospectively. Expenditures for maintenance, repairs and
demolition costs are charged to operations as incurred. Signiﬁcant renovations and replacements, which improve or extend the
life of the asset, are capitalized. The useful lives of amortizable intangible assets are evaluated each reporting period with any
changes in estimated useful lives being accounted for over the revised remaining useful life.
When a real estate asset is identified by management as held-for-sale, the Company ceases depreciation of the asset and estimates
the fair value. If the fair value of the asset is less than the net book value of the asset, an adjustment to the carrying value would
be recorded to reﬂect the estimated fair value of the property, less estimated costs of sale and the asset is classified as other assets.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes
in anticipated holding period and general market conditions, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related
amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. A property value is considered impaired only if management’s
estimate of current and projected operating cash ﬂows (undiscounted and unleveraged) of the property over its remaining hold
period is less than the net carrying value of the property. Such cash ﬂow projections consider factors such as expected future
operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. To the extent impairment
has occurred, the carrying value of the property would be adjusted to an amount to reﬂect the estimated fair value of the property.
Real Estate Under Development
Real estate under development represents the development of open-air shopping center projects which the Company plans to hold
as long-term investments. These properties are carried at cost. The cost of land and buildings under development includes
specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property,
development costs, construction costs, interest costs, real estate taxes, salaries and related costs of personnel directly involved and
other costs incurred during the period of development. The Company ceases cost capitalization when the property is held
49