depends on a number of factors, including the market's perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of
our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on
favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at
inopportune times, and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash ﬂow and per share trading price of
our common stock.
The tax imposed on REITs engaging in “prohibited transactions” may limit our ability to engage in transactions which
would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes.
A REIT's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or
other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business.
Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of
our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination
and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to
make use of the available safe harbors.
Adverse global market and economic conditions may impede our ability to generate sufﬁcient income and maintain our
properties.
The economic performance and value of our properties is subject to all of the risks associated with owning and operating real
estate, including but not limited to:
0 changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;
0 local conditions, including an oversupply of, or a reduction in demand for, space in properties like those that we own;
0 trends toward smaller store sizes as retailers reduce inventory and new prototypes;
0 increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites;
0 the attractiveness of our properties to tenants;
0 the ability of tenants to pay rent, particularly anchor tenants with leases in multiple locations;
0 tenants who may declare bankruptcy and/or close stores;
0 competition from other available properties to attract and retain tenants;
0 changes in market rental rates;
0 the need to periodically pay for costs to repair, renovate and re-let space;
0 changes in operating costs, including costs for maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes;
0 the expenses of owning and operating properties, which are not necessarily reduced when circumstances such as market
factors and competition cause a reduction in income from the properties;
0 changes in laws and governmental regulations, including those governing usage, zoning, the environment and taxes;
0 acts of terrorism and war, acts of God and physical and weather-related damage to our properties; and
o the potential risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time.
Competition may limit our ability to purchase new properties or generate sufﬁcient income from tenants and may
decrease the occupancy and rental rates for our properties.
Our properties consist primarily of open-air shopping centers and other retail properties. Our performance, therefore, is generally
linked to economic conditions in the market for retail space. In the future, the market for retail space could be adversely affected by:
0 weakness in the national, regional and local economies;
o the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies;
0 the impact of internet sales on the demand for retail space;
0 ongoing consolidation in the retail sector; and
o the excess amount of retail space in a number of markets.
In addition, numerous commercial developers and real estate companies compete with us in seeking tenants for our existing
properties and properties for acquisition. New regional malls, open-air lifestyle centers or other retail shopping centers with more
convenient locations or better rents may attract tenants or cause them to seek more favorable lease terms at or prior to renewal.
Retailers at our properties may face increasing competition from other retailers, e-commerce, outlet malls, discount shopping clubs,
direct mail, telemarketing or home shopping networks, all of which could (i) reduce rents payable to us; (ii) reduce our ability to
attract and retain tenants at our properties; or (iii) lead to increased vacancy rates at our properties. We may fail to anticipate the
effects of changes in consumer buying practices, particularly of growing online sales and the resulting retailing practices and space
needs of our tenants or a general downturn in our tenants’ businesses, which may cause tenants to close stores or default in payment of
rent.
7