We are subject to ﬁnancial covenants that may restrict our operating and acquisition activities.
Our revolving credit facility, term loan and the indentures under which our senior unsecured debt is issued contain certain
financial and operating covenants, including, among other things, certain coverage ratios and limitations on our ability to incur debt,
make dividend payments, sell all or substantially all of our assets and engage in mergers and consolidations and certain acquisitions.
These covenants may restrict our ability to pursue certain business initiatives or certain acquisition transactions that might otherwise
be advantageous. In addition, failure to meet any of the financial covenants could cause an event of default under our revolving credit
facility, term loan and the indentures and/or accelerate some or all of our indebtedness, which would have a material adverse effect on
us.
Changes in market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our publicly traded securities.
The market price of our publicly traded securities depends on various market conditions, which may change from time-to-time.
Among the market conditions that may affect the market price of our publicly traded securities are the following:
o the extent of institutional investor interest in us;
0 the reputation of REITs generally and the reputation of REITs with portfolios similar to ours;
o the attractiveness of the securities of REITs in comparison to securities issued by other entities, including securities issued by
other real estate companies;
0 our financial condition and performance;
0 the market’s perception of our growth potential, potential ﬁJture cash dividends and risk profile;
0 an increase in market interest rates, which may lead prospective investors to demand a higher distribution rate in relation to
the price paid for our shares; and
0 general economic and financial market conditions.
We may change the dividend policy for our common stock in the future.
The decision to declare and pay dividends on our common stock in the future, as well as the timing, amount and composition of
any such ﬁJture dividends, will be at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our earnings, operating cash
ﬂows, liquidity, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual prohibitions or other limitations under our indebtedness
including preferred stock, the annual distribution requirements under the REIT provisions of the Code, state law and such other factors
as our Board of Directors deems relevant or are requirements under the Code or state or federal laws. Any negative change in our
dividend policy could have a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
We may not be able to recover our investments in mortgage receivables or other investments, which may result in
signiﬁcant losses to us.
In the event of a default by a borrower, it may be necessary for us to foreclose our mortgage or engage in costly negotiations.
Delays in liquidating defaulted mortgage loans and repossessing and selling the underlying properties could reduce our investment
returns. Furthermore, in the event of default, the actual value of the property securing the mortgage may decrease. A decline in real
estate values will adversely affect the value of our loans and the value of the mortgages securing our loans.
Our mortgage receivables may be or become subordinated to mechanics' or materialmen's liens or property tax liens. In these
instances, we may need to protect a particular investment by making payments to maintain the current status of a prior lien or
discharge it entirely. Where that occurs, the total amount we recover may be less than our total investment, resulting in a loss. In the
event of a major loan default or several loan defaults resulting in losses, our investments in mortgage receivables would be materially
and adversely affected.
The economic performance and value of our other investments which we do not control and are in retail operations, are subject to
risks associated with owning and operating retail businesses, including:
0 changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;
0 the adverse financial condition of some large retailing companies;
0 increasing use by customers of e-commerce and online store sites; and
o ongoing consolidation in the retail sector,
A decline in the value of our other investments may require us to recognize an other-than—temporary impairment (“OTTI”) against
such assets. When the fair value of an investment is determined to be less than its amortized cost at the balance sheet date, we assess
whether the decline is temporary or other-than—temporary. If we intend to sell an impaired asset, or it is more likely than not that we
will be required to sell the impaired asset before any anticipated recovery, then we must recognize an OTTI through charges to
11