The Company continually evaluates its debt maturities, and, based on management’s current assessment, believes it has viable
financing and refinancing alternatives that will not materially adversely impact its expected financial results. The Company continues
to pursue borrowing opportunities with large commercial US. and global banks, select life insurance companies and certain regional
and local banks. The Company has noticed a continuing trend that, although pricing remains dependent on specific deal terms,
generally spreads for non-recourse mortgage financing had been widening due to global economic issues, but have recently stabilized.
However, the unsecured debt markets are functioning well and credit spreads are at manageable levels.
Debt maturities for 2017 consist of: $451.6 million of consolidated debt; $358.2 million of unconsolidated joint venture debt; and
$59.3 million of debt on properties included in the Company’s Preferred Equity Program, assuming the utilization of extension options
where available. Subsequent to December 31, 2016, the Company paid off the remaining $250.0 million outstanding balance on the
Company’s unsecured term loan. The 2017 consolidated debt maturities are anticipated to be repaid with operating cash ﬂows,
borrowings from the Company’s revolving credit facility (which at December 31, 2016, had $1.725 billion available and was
subsequently increased to $2.25 billion) and debt refinancing where applicable. The 2017 debt maturities on properties in the
Company’s unconsolidated joint ventures and Preferred Equity Program are anticipated to be repaid through debt refinancing,
unsecured credit facilities and partner capital contributions, as deemed appropriate.
The Company intends to maintain strong debt service coverage and fixed charge coverage ratios as part of its commitment to
maintain its investment-grade debt ratings. The Company may, from time-to-time, seek to obtain ﬁands through additional common
and preferred equity offerings, unsecured debt financings and/or mortgage/construction loan financings and other capital alternatives.
Since the completion of the Company’s IPO in 1991, the Company has utilized the public debt and equity markets as its principal
source of capital for its expansion needs. Since the IPO, the Company has completed additional offerings of its public unsecured debt
and equity, raising in the aggregate over $12.2 billion. Proceeds from public capital market activities have been used for the purposes
of, among other things, repaying indebtedness, acquiring interests in open-air shopping centers, funding real estate under development
projects, expanding and improving properties in the portfolio and other investments.
During February 2015, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which is effective for a term of three years,
for the future unlimited offerings, from time-to-time, of debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock and common
stock warrants. The Company, pursuant to this shelf registration statement may, from time-to-time, offer for sale its senior unsecured
debt for any general corporate purposes, including (i) ﬁJnding specific liquidity requirements in its business, including property
acquisitions, development and redevelopment costs and (ii) managing the Company’s debt maturities. (See Footnote 13 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Form 10-K.)
At the Market Continuous Oﬂering Program ( “A T M program ”)
During February 2015, the Company established an ATM program, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of
its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross sales price of up to $500.0 million through a consortium of
banks acting as sales agents. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made, as needed, from time to time in “at the market”
offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, including by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the NYSE or
otherwise (i) at market prices prevailing at the time of sale, (ii) at prices related to prevailing market prices or (iii) as otherwise agreed
to with the applicable sales agent. During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued 9,806,377 shares and received
proceeds of $285.2 million, net of commissions and fees of $2.9 million. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had $211.9 million
available under this ATM program.
Medium Term Notes ( “MT N ”) and Senior Notes
The Company’s supplemental indenture governing its MTN and senior notes contains the following covenants, all of which the
Company is compliant with:
Covenant Must Be As of 12/31/16
1 Consolidated Indebtedness to Total Assets 7 <65% 7 38% J
Consolidated Secured Indebtedness to Total Assets <40% 8%
[ Consolidated Income Available for Debt Service to Maximum Annual Service Charge >1 .50x 6.0x ]
Unencumbered Total Asset Value to Consolidated Unsecured Indebtedness >1 .50x 2.8x
For a full description of the various indenture covenants refer to the Indenture dated September 1, 1993; the First Supplemental
Indenture dated August 4, 1994; the Second Supplemental Indenture dated April 7, 1995; the Third Supplemental Indenture dated June
2, 2006; the Fourth Supplemental Indenture dated April 26, 2007; the Fifth Supplemental Indenture dated as of September 24, 2009;
the Sixth Supplemental Indenture dated as of May 23, 2013; and the Seventh Supplemental Indenture dated as of April 24, 2014, each
as filed with the SEC. See the Exhibits Index for specific filing information.
27