Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
There have not been any changes in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-
15(f) and 15d—15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2016, that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over ﬁnancial reporting, as such term is
defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a— 1 5 (f) and 15 d- 1 5 (f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting based on the framework in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2016.
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included herein.
Item 9B. Other Information
None.
PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to “Proposal 1 Election of Directors,” “Corporate
Governance,” “Committees of the Board of Directors,” “Executive Officers” and “Other Matters” in our definitive proxy
statement to be filed with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected to be held on April 25, 2017 (“Proxy
Statement”).
We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all employees (the “Code of Ethics”). The Code
of Ethics is available at the Investors/Governance/Governance Documents section of our website at www.kimcorealty.com.
A copy of the Code of Ethics is available in print, free of charge, to stockholders upon request to us at the address set forth in
Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the section “Business — Background.” We intend to satisfy the disclosure
requirements under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding an amendment to or waiver from a
provision of our Code of Ethics by posting such information on our web site.
Item 11. Executive Compensation
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,”
“Executive Compensation Committee Report,” “Compensation Tables,” “Compensation of Directors” and “Other Matters” in
our Proxy Statement.
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management” and “Compensation Tables” in our Proxy Statement.
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions”
and “Corporate Governance” in our Proxy Statement.
Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to “Independent Registered Public Accountants” in
our Proxy Statement.
35