Item 1A. Risk Factors
We are subject to certain business and legal risks including, but not limited to, the following:
Loss of our tax status as a REIT or changes in federal tax laws, regulations, administrative interpretations or court
decisions relating to REITs could have signiﬁcant adverse consequences to us and the value of our securities.
We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes under the Code. We believe that we are organized and
operate in a manner that has allowed us to qualify and will allow us to remain qualified as a REIT under the Code. However, there can
be no assurance that we have qualified or will continue to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes.
Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex Code provisions, for which there are only
limited judicial and administrative interpretations. The determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within
our control may affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. The rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by
persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and US. Department of the Treasury. We cannot predict how changes in
the tax laws might affect our investors or us. New legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could
significantly and negatively change the tax laws with respect to qualification as a REIT, the federal income tax consequences of such
qualification or the desirability of an investment in a REIT relative to other investments.
In order to qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy a number of requirements, including requirements regarding the composition of our
assets and a requirement that at least 95% of our gross income in any year be derived from qualifying sources, such as “rents from real
property.” Also, we must make distributions to stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, excluding
net capital gains. Furthermore, we own a direct or indirect interest in certain subsidiary REITs which elected to be taxed as REITs for
federal income tax purposes under the Code. Provided that each subsidiary REIT qualifies as a REIT, our interest in such subsidiary
REIT will be treated as a qualifying real estate asset for purposes of the REIT asset tests. To qualify as a REIT, the subsidiary REIT
must independently satisfy all of the REIT qualification requirements. The failure of a subsidiary REIT to qualify as a REIT could
have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the REIT income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a REIT.
If we lose our REIT status, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to pay
dividends to stockholders for each of the years involved because:
0 we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends to stockholders in computing our taxable income and we would be
subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
0 we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes;
0 unless we were entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years
following the year during which we were disqualified; and
0 we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders.
As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT or new legislation changes in federal tax laws with respect to
qualification as a REIT or the tax consequences of such qualification could also impair our ability to expand our business or raise
capital and materially adversely affect the value of our securities.
To maintain our REIT status, we may be forced to borrow funds during unfavorable market conditions, and the
unavailability of such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, may cause us to curtail our investment activities
and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, which could adversely affect our ﬁnancial condition, results of operations,
cash ﬂow and per share trading price of our common stock.
To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our net taxable income each year,
excluding net capital gains, and we will be subject to regular corporate income taxes on the amount we distribute that is less than
100% of our net taxable income each year, including capital gains. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on
the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95%
of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. While we have historically satisfied these
distribution requirements by making cash distributions to our stockholders, a REIT is permitted to satisfy these requirements by
making distributions of cash or other property, including, in limited circumstances, its own stock. Assuming we continue to satisfy
these distribution requirements with cash, we may need to borrow funds to meet the REIT distribution requirements and avoid the
payment of income and excise taxes even if the then prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings. These
borrowing needs could result from differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and inclusion of income for federal income
tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures, the creation of cash reserves or required debt or amortization
payments. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital
6