KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
The Company’s estimated fair values are based upon a discounted cash ﬂow model for each investment that includes all estimated
cash inﬂows and outﬂows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums. Capitalization
rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in these models are based upon rates that the Company believes to be within a
reasonable range of current market rates.
Mortgages and Other Financing Receivables
Mortgages and other financing receivables consist of loans acquired and loans originated by the Company. Borrowers of these
loans are primarily experienced owners, operators or developers of commercial real estate. The Company’s loans are primarily
mortgage loans that are collateralized by real estate. Mortgages and other financing receivables are recorded at stated principal
amounts, net of any discount or premium or deferred loan origination costs or fees. The related discounts or premiums on
mortgages and other loans purchased are amortized or accreted over the life of the related loan receivable. The Company defers
certain loan origination and commitment fees, net of certain origination costs and amortizes them as an adjustment of the loan’s
yield over the term of the related loan. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews credit quality indicators such as (i) payment
status to identify performing versus non-performing loans, (ii) changes affecting the underlying real estate collateral and (iii)
national and regional economic factors.
Interest income on performing loans is accrued as earned. A non-performing loan is placed on non-accrual status when it is
probable that the borrower may be unable to meet interest payments as they become due. Generally, loans 90 days or more past
due are placed on non-accrual status unless there is sufficient collateral to assure collectability of principal and interest. Upon the
designation of non-accrual status, all unpaid accrued interest is reserved and charged against current income. Interest income on
non-performing loans is generally recognized on a cash basis. Recognition of interest income on non-performing loans on an
accrual basis is resumed when it is probable that the Company will be able to collect amounts due according to the contractual
terms.
The Company has determined that it has one portfolio segment, primarily represented by loans collateralized by real estate,
whereby it determines, as needed, reserves for loan losses on an asset-specific basis. The reserve for loan losses reﬂects
management's estimate of loan losses as of the balance sheet date. The reserve is increased through loan loss expense and is
decreased by charge-offs when losses are confirmed through the receipt of assets such as cash or via ownership control of the
underlying collateral in ﬁlll satisfaction of the loan upon foreclosure or when significant collection efforts have ceased.
The Company considers a loan to be impaired when, based upon current information and events, it is probable that the Company
will be unable to collect all amounts due under the existing contractual terms. A reserve allowance is established for an impaired
loan when the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral (for collateralized loans) or the present value of expected ﬁJture
cash ﬂows is lower than the carrying value of the loan. An internal valuation is performed generally using the income approach to
estimate the fair value of the collateral at the time a loan is determined to be impaired. The model is updated if circumstances
indicate a significant change in value has occurred. The Company does not provide for an additional allowance for loan losses
based on the grouping of loans as the Company believes the characteristics of the loans are not sufficiently similar to allow an
evaluation of these loans as a group for a possible loan loss allowance. As such, all of the Company’s loans are evaluated
individually for impairment purposes.
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and cash equivalents include demand deposits in banks, commercial paper and certificates of deposit with original maturities
of three months or less. Cash and cash equivalent balances may, at a limited number of banks and financial institutions, exceed
insurable amounts. The Company believes it mitigates risk by investing in or through major financial institutions and primarily in
funds that are currently US. federal government insured up to applicable account limits. Recoverability of investments is dependent
upon the performance of the issuers.
Marketable Securities
The Company classifies its marketable equity securities as available-for—sale in accordance with the FASB’s Investments-Debt
and Equity Securities guidance. These securities are carried at fair market value with unrealized gains and losses reported in
stockholders’ equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income ("AOCI"). Gains or losses on securities sold
are based on the specific identification method and are recognized in Interest, dividends and other investment income on the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.
51