price approach, which contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
transaction between market participants at the measurement date. If, up to one year from the acquisition date, information regarding
fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are refined, appropriate adjustments are recognized in
the reporting period in which the adjustment is identified. The Company expenses transaction costs associated with business
combinations in the period incurred. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805):
Clarifying the Definition of a Business at the beginning of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, including its interim periods
within the year, and will appropriately apply the guidance to its prospective asset acquisitions of operating properties, which includes
the capitalization of acquisition costs.
Depreciation and amortization are provided on the straight-line method over the estimated useﬁJl lives of the assets, as follows:
[ Buildings and building improvements @years) 15 to 50 ]
Fixtures, leasehold and tenant improvements Terms of leases or useful
(including certain identiﬁed intangible assets) lives, whichever is shorter
The Company is required to make subjective assessments as to the useful lives of its properties for purposes of determining the
amount of depreciation to reﬂect on an annual basis with respect to those properties. These assessments have a direct impact on the
Company’s net earnings.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance, changes
in anticipated holding period and general market conditions, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related
amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may be impaired. A property value is considered impaired only if management’s estimate
of current and projected operating cash ﬂows (undiscounted and unleveraged) of the property over its anticipated hold period is less
than the net carrying value of the property. Such cash ﬂow projections consider factors such as expected future operating income,
trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. To the extent impairment has occurred, the
carrying value of the property would be adjusted to reﬂect the estimated fair value of the property.
When a real estate asset is identified by management as held-for—sale, the Company ceases depreciation of the asset and estimates
the sales price of such asset net of selling costs. If, in management’s opinion, the net sales price of the asset is less than the net book
value of such asset, an adjustment to the carrying value would be recorded to reﬂect the estimated fair value of the property.
Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures under the equity method of accounting as the
Company exercises significant inﬂuence, but does not control, these entities. These investments are recorded initially at cost and are
subsequently adjusted for cash contributions and distributions. Earnings for each investment are recognized in accordance with each
respective investment agreement and, where applicable, are based upon an allocation of the investment’s net assets at book value as if
the investment was hypothetically liquidated at the end of each reporting period.
The Company’s joint ventures and other real estate investments primarily consist of co-investments with institutional and other
joint venture partners in open-air shopping center properties, consistent with its core business. These joint ventures typically obtain
non-recourse third-party financing on their property investments, thus contractually limiting the Company’s exposure to losses to the
amount of its equity investment, and, due to the lender’s exposure to losses, a lender typically will require a minimum level of equity
in order to mitigate its risk. From time to time the joint ventures will obtain unsecured debt, which may be guaranteed by the joint
venture. The Company’s exposure to losses associated with its unconsolidated joint ventures is primarily limited to its carrying value
in these investments.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance and
general market conditions, that the value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint ventures may be impaired. An
investment’s value is impaired only if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the carrying value of the
investment and such difference is deemed to be other-than—temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be
measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the investment.
The Company’s estimated fair values are based upon a discounted cash ﬂow model for each joint venture that includes all
estimated cash inﬂows and outﬂows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums.
Capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads utilized in these models are based upon rates that the Company believes to be
within a reasonable range of current market rates.
20