@hairman's Letter
00
Hits not: What you] [Look at {that matters, it"s What you see.”
Henry David Thoreau
Dear Fellow Shareholders and Associates:
While true in many businesses, seeing what others do not is particularly relevant to the real estate
industry, in general, and the shopping center sector, in particular. I learned this early in my career
from my beloved co—founder and partner, Martin Kimmel. Marty always had a knack for seeing what
others missed. In the 1950’s, Marty bought an interest in a local chain of drive—in restaurants in Los
Angeles called Stan’s. What Marty saw that others did not was the future use and value of the
underlying land. The chain had stores on Wilshire and Sunset Boulevards. Marty envisioned high—rise
office buildings on these sites, and over time that is exactly what transpired.
At Kimco this is what our 2020 Vision is all about. We examined our company from top to bottom,
challenging ourselves to see the future that we want for our shareholders. We realized that unique to
our asset class is the large proportion of land value to total value. In many instances the buildings on
our sites are sitting on less than 20% of the total land, leaving significant opportunity to seek out the
highest and best uses for the balance of these sites. Given this tremendous intrinsic asset, we
embarked on a careful and rigorous plan to create value. Our efforts are reaching fruition. At our
center in Boca Raton, Florida, the entitlement process is underway for the construction of a multi—
family component. In Columbia, Maryland, apartments will complement two existing retail centers:
Wilde Lake, which is open and operating, and Hickory Ridge, which is in the entitlement phase. At our
iconic Pentagon property in Arlington, Virginia, we just completed construction of a parking garage to
support our retail center. This freed up additional land for a 440—unit apartment project that recently
broke ground.
Our 2020 Vision also foresaw the impact of the internet on brick—and—mortar retail. And that is why our
Vision included a disposition and repositioning strategy that would help to insulate us from this
ongoing threat. Most of our centers are now anchored by off—price concepts [e.g. TJX, Burlington
Stores], grocers [e.g. Giant Food, Stop & Shop], home improvement [e.g. Home Depot], warehouse
clubs [e.g. Costco], fitness [e.g. Life Time Fitness, LA Fitness], and internet resistant uses including
medical, restaurants and beauty salons. Many of these same uses have supplanted the role of the
department store, which along with malls generally, face challenges ahead.
2