Company merged Kimco Realty Services Inc. ("KRS"), a TRS, into a wholly-owned Limited Liability Company (“LLC”) of the Company
(the “Merger”) and no longer operates KRS as a TRS. The Company analyzed the individual assets of KRS and determined that
substantially all of KRS’s assets constitute real estate assets and investments that can be directly owned by the Company without adversely
affecting the Company’s status as a REIT, including its investment in Albertsons. Any non-REIT qualifying assets or activities were
transferred to a newly formed TRS.
In addition, the Company has capitalized on its established expertise in retail real estate by establishing other ventures in which the
Company owns a smaller equity interest and provides management, leasing and operational support for those properties. The Company has
also provided preferred equity capital in the past to real estate entrepreneurs and, from time to time, provides real estate capital and
management services to both healthy and distressed retailers. The Company has also made selective investments in secondary market
opportunities where a security or other investment is, in management’s judgment, priced below the value of the underlying assets, however
these investments are subject to volatility within the equity and debt markets.
Operating and Investment Strategy
The Company’s strategy is to be the premier owner and operator of open-air shopping centers through investments primarily in the
US. To achieve this strategy the Company is (i) continuing to transform the quality of its portfolio by disposing of lesser quality assets and
acquiring larger higher quality properties in key markets identified by the Company, for which substantial progress has been achieved as of
the end of 2016, (ii) simplifying its business by: (a) reducing the number of joint venture investments and (b) exiting Mexico, South
America and Canada, for which the exit of South America has been completed, Mexico has been substantially completed and the Company
essentially sold all operating properties in Canada, (iii) pursuing redevelopment opportunities within its portfolio to increase overall value
and (iv) selectively acquiring land parcels in our key markets for real estate development projects for long-term investment. As part of the
Company’s strategy each property is evaluated for its highest and best use, which may include residential and mixed-use components. In
addition, the Company may consider other opportunistic investments related to retailer controlled real estate such as, repositioning
underperforming retail locations, retail real estate financing and bankruptcy transaction support. The Company has an active capital
recycling program which provides for the disposition of certain U.S. properties. If the Company accepts sales prices for any of these assets
that are less than their net carrying values, the Company would be required to take impairment charges and such amounts could be material.
In order to execute the Company’s strategy, the Company intends to continue to strengthen its balance sheet by pursuing deleveraging
efforts over time, providing it the necessary ﬂexibility to invest opportunistically and selectively, primarily focusing on US. open-air
shopping centers.
The Company's investment objective is to increase cash ﬂow, current income and, consequently, the value of its existing portfolio
of properties and to seek continued growth in desirable demographic areas with successful retailers through (i) the retail re-tenanting,
renovation and expansion of its existing centers and (ii) the selective acquisition of established income-producing real estate properties
and properties requiring significant re—tenanting and redevelopment, primarily in open-air shopping centers in geographic regions in
which the Company presently operates. The Company may consider investments in other real estate sectors and in geographic
markets where it does not presently operate should suitable opportunities arise.
The Company's open-air shopping center properties are designed to attract local area customers and are typically anchored by a
national or regional discount department store, grocery store or drugstore tenant offering day-to-day necessities rather than high-priced
luxury items. The Company may either purchase or lease income-producing properties in the future and may also participate with
other entities in property ownership through partnerships, joint ventures or similar types of co-ownership. Equity investments may be
subject to existing mortgage financing and/or other indebtedness. Financing or other indebtedness may be incurred simultaneously or
subsequently in connection with such investments. Any such financing or indebtedness would have priority over the Company’s
equity interest in such property. The Company may make loans to joint ventures in which it may or may not participate.
The Company seeks to reduce its operating and leasing risks through diversification achieved by the geographic distribution of its
properties and a large tenant base. As of December 31, 2016, no single open-air shopping center accounted for more than 1.9% of the
Company's annualized base rental revenues, including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the
Company has less than a 100% economic interest, or more than 1.5% of the Company’s total shopping center GLA. At December 31,
2016, the Company’s five largest tenants were TJX Companies, The Home Depot, Ahold Delhaize, Bed Bath & Beyond and
Albertsons which represented 3.4%, 2.4%, 2.1%, 2.0% and 1.8%, respectively, of the Company’s annualized base rental revenues,
including the proportionate share of base rental revenues from properties in which the Company has less than a 100% economic
interest.
As one of the original participants in the growth of the shopping center industry and one of the nation's largest owners and operators
of open-air shopping centers, the Company has established close relationships with a large number of major national and regional retailers
and maintains a broad network of industry contacts. Management is associated with and/or actively participates in many shopping center
and REIT industry organizations. Notwithstanding these relationships, there are numerous regional and local commercial developers,
real estate companies, financial institutions and other investors who compete with the Company for the acquisition of properties and
other investment opportunities and in seeking tenants who will lease space in the Company’s properties.
5