KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
All debt securities are generally classified as held-to-maturity because the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold the
securities to maturity. It is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the debt security before its
anticipated recovery and the Company expects to recover the security’s entire amortized cost basis even if the entity does not
intend to sell. Held-to-maturity securities are stated at amortized cost, adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of
discounts to maturity. Debt securities which contain conversion features generally are classified as available-for—sale.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators that the value of the Company’s marketable
securities may be impaired, which includes reviewing the underlying cause of any decline in value and the estimated recovery
period, as well as the severity and duration of the decline. In the Company’s evaluation, the Company considers its ability and
intent to hold these investments for a reasonable period of time sufficient for the Company to recover its cost basis. A marketable
security is impaired if the fair value of the security is less than the carrying value of the security and such difference is deemed to
be other—than—temporary. To the extent impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount
of the security over the estimated fair value in the security.
Deferred Leasing Costs
Costs incurred in obtaining tenant leases, included in deferred charges and prepaid expenses in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets, are amortized on a straight-line basis, over the terms of the related leases, as applicable. Such capitalized costs
include salaries, lease incentives and related costs of personnel directly involved in successful leasing efforts.
Software Development Costs
Expenditures for major software purchases and software developed for internal use are capitalized and amortized on a straight-
line basis generally over a three to five-year period. The Company’s policy provides for the capitalization of external direct costs
of materials and services associated with developing or obtaining internal use computer software. In addition, the Company also
capitalizes certain payroll and payroll-related costs for employees who are directly associated with internal use computer software
projects. The amount of payroll costs that can be capitalized with respect to these employees is limited to the time directly spent
on such projects. Costs associated with preliminary project stage activities, training, maintenance and all other post—
implementation stage activities are expensed as incurred. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, the Company had unamortized
software development costs of $10.2 million and $16.1 million, respectively, which is included in Other assets on the Company’s
Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expensed $8.0 million, $10.7 million and $9.2 million in amortization of software
development costs during the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
Deferred Financing Costs
Costs incurred in obtaining long-term financing, included in Notes Payable and Mortgages Payable in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets, are amortized on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the
terms of the related debt agreements, as applicable.
Revenue, Gain Recognition and Accounts Receivable
Base rental revenues from rental properties are recognized on a straight-line basis over the terms of the related leases. Certain of
these leases also provide for percentage rents based upon the level of sales achieved by the lessee. These percentage rents are
recognized once the required sales level is achieved. Rental income may also include payments received in connection with lease
termination agreements. In addition, leases typically provide for reimbursement to the Company of common area maintenance
costs, real estate taxes and other operating expenses. Operating expense reimbursements are recognized as earned.
Management and other fee income consists of property management fees, leasing fees, property acquisition and disposition fees,
development fees and asset management fees. These fees arise from contractual agreements with third parties or with entities in
which the Company has a noncontrolling interest. Management and other fee income, including acquisition and disposition fees,
are recognized as earned under the respective agreements. Management and other fee income related to partially owned entities
are recognized to the extent attributable to the unaffiliated interest.
Gains and losses from the sale of depreciated operating property and real estate under development projects are recognized using
the full accrual method in accordance with the FASB’s real estate sales guidance, provided that various criteria relating to the
terms of sale and subsequent involvement by the Company with the properties are met.
52