KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Amounts relating to the number of buildings, square footage, tenant and occupancy data, joint venture debt average interest rates and
terms and estimated project costs are unaudited.
1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:
Business
Kimco Realty Corporation and subsidiaries (the "Company" or "Kimco"), affiliates and related real estate joint ventures are
engaged principally in the ownership, management, development and operation of open-air shopping centers, which are anchored
generally by discount department stores, grocery stores or drugstores. Additionally, the Company provides complementary
services that capitalize on the Company’s established retail real estate expertise. The Company evaluates performance on a
property specific or transactional basis and does not distinguish its principal business or group its operations on a geographical
basis for purposes of measuring performance. Accordingly, the Company believes it has a single reportable segment for
disclosure purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP").
The Company elected status as a Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”) for federal income tax purposes beginning in its taxable
year January 1, 1992 and operates in a manner that enables the Company to maintain its status as a REIT. Additionally, in
connection with the Tax Relief Extension Act of 1999 (the "RMA"), which became effective January 1, 2001, the Company is
permitted to participate in activities which it was precluded from previously in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, so
long as these activities are conducted in entities which elect to be treated as taxable subsidiaries under the Internal Revenue Code,
as amended (the "Code"), subject to certain limitations. As such, the Company, through its wholly-owned taxable REIT
subsidiaries (“TRS”), has been engaged in various retail real estate related opportunities including retail real estate management
and disposition services which primarily focuses on leasing and disposition strategies of retail real estate controlled by both
healthy and distressed and/or bankrupt retailers. The Company may consider other investments through its TRS should suitable
opportunities arise.
Effective August 1, 2016, the Company merged Kimco Realty Services Inc. ("KRS"), a TRS, into a wholly—owned Limited
Liability Company (“LLC”) of the Company (the “Merger”) and no longer operates KRS as a TRS. The Company analyzed the
individual assets of KRS and determined that substantially all of KRS’s assets constitute real estate assets and investments that
can be directly owned by the Company without adversely affecting the Company’s status as a REIT. Any non-REIT qualifying
assets or activities were transferred to a newly formed TRS (see Footnote 22 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
Principles of Consolidation and Estimates
The accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of the Company. The Company’s subsidiaries
include subsidiaries which are wholly-owned and all entities in which the Company has a controlling interest, including where the
Company has been determined to be a primary beneficiary of a variable interest entity (“VIE”) in accordance with the
Consolidation guidance of the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”). All
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.
GAAP requires the Company's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting
period. The most significant assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate and related intangible assets and
liabilities, equity method investments, other investments, including the assessment of impairments, as well as, depreciable lives,
revenue recognition, the collectability of trade accounts receivable, realizability of deferred tax assets and the assessment of
uncertain tax positions. Application of these assumptions requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties, and, as a
result, actual results could differ from these estimates.
Subsequent Events
The Company has evaluated subsequent events and transactions for potential recognition or disclosure in its consolidated
financial statements (see Footnote 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements).
Real Estate
Real estate assets are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Upon acquisition of real estate operating
properties, the Company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, building, building improvements
and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above-market and below-market leases, in-
place leases and tenant relationships, where applicable), assumed debt and redeemable units issued at the date of acquisition,
based
48