KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
included in AOCI, as a separate component of the Company’s stockholders’ equity. Gains or losses resulting from foreign
currency transactions are translated to local currency at the rates of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. The
effect of the transaction’s gain or loss is included in the caption Other income/(expense), net in the Consolidated Statements of
Income. The Company is required to release cumulative translation adjustment (“CTA”) balances into earnings when the
Company has substantially liquidated its investment in a foreign entity.
Derivative/Financial Instruments
The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions. The Company
principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risk through management of its core business
activities. The Company manages economic risks, including interest rate, liquidity, and credit risk primarily by managing the
amount, sources, and duration of its debt funding and the use of derivative financial instruments. Specifically, the Company may
use derivatives to manage exposures that arise from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rate ﬂuctuations and
market value ﬂuctuations of equity securities. The Company limits these risks by following established risk management policies
and procedures including the use of derivatives.
The Company measures its derivative instruments at fair value and records them in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as an asset or
liability, depending on the Company’s rights or obligations under the applicable derivative contract. The accounting for changes
in the fair value of the derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a
derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria
necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair
value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as interest rate risk, are considered fair value
hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash ﬂows, or other
types of forecasted transactions, are considered cash ﬂow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign
currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing
of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or
liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in
a cash ﬂow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk,
even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting under the Derivatives and
Hedging guidance issued by the FASB.
The effective portion of the changes in fair value of derivatives designated and that qualify as cash ﬂow hedges is recorded in
AOCI and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings. Any
ineffective portion of the change in fair value of the derivatives is recognized directly in earnings. During 2016, 2015 and 2014,
the Company had no hedge ineffectiveness.
Noncontrolling Interests
The Company accounts for noncontrolling interests in accordance with the Consolidation guidance and the Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity guidance issued by the FASB. Noncontrolling interests represent the portion of equity that the Company
does not own in those entities it consolidates. The Company identifies its noncontrolling interests separately within the equity
section on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets. The amounts of consolidated net earnings attributable to the Company
and to the noncontrolling interests are presented separately on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Income.
Noncontrolling interests also includes amounts related to partnership units issued by consolidated subsidiaries of the Company in
connection with certain property acquisitions. These units have a stated redemption value or a defined redemption amount based
upon the trading price of the Company’s common stock and provides the unit holders various rates of return during the holding
period. The unit holders generally have the right to redeem their units for cash at any time after one year from issuance. For
convertible units, the Company typically has the option to settle redemption amounts in cash or common stock.
The Company evaluates the terms of the partnership units issued in accordance with the FASB’s Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity guidance. Units which embody an unconditional obligation requiring the Company to redeem the units for cash after a
specified or determinable date (or dates) or upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the issuer are
determined to be contingently redeemable under this guidance and are included as Redeemable noncontrolling interest and
classified within the mezzanine section between Total liabilities and Stockholders’ equity on the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets. Convertible units for which the Company has the option to settle redemption amounts in cash or Common Stock
are included in the caption Noncontrolling interest within the equity section on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
54