KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
The major differences between the GAAP basis of accounting and the basis of accounting used for federal and state income tax
reporting consist of impairment charges recorded for GAAP purposes, but not recognized for tax purposes, depreciation and
amortization, rental revenue recognized on the straight line method for GAAP, reserves for doubtful accounts, differences in
GAAP and tax basis of assets sold, and the period in which certain gains were recognized for tax purposes, but not yet recognized
under GAAP.
Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are included in the captions Other assets and Other liabilities on the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2016 and 2015. Operating losses and the valuation allowance are related primarily
to the Company’s consolidation of its taxable REIT subsidiaries for accounting and reporting purposes. For the tax year ended
August 1, 2016, KRS Consolidated produced $20.6 million of taxable income and utilized $20.6 million of its $44.0 million of
available net operating loss carryovers. For the year ended December 31, 2015, KRS Consolidated produced $19.7 million of
taxable income and utilized $19.7 million of its $70.3 million of available net operating loss carryovers.
Under GAAP a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required, if, based on the
evidence available, it is more likely than not (a likelihood of more than 50 percent) that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance should be sufficient to reduce the deferred tax asset to the amount that is
more likely than not to be realized. As a result of the Merger, the Company determined that the realization of $63.5 million of its
net deferred tax assets was not deemed more likely than not and as such, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance against
these net deferred tax assets that existed at the time of the Merger.
The Company prepared an analysis of the tax basis built-in tax gain or built-in loss inherent in each asset acquired from KRS in
the Merger. Assets of a TRS that become REIT assets in a merger transaction of the type entered into by the Company and KRS
are subject to corporate tax on the aggregate net built-in gain (built—in gains in excess of built-in losses) during a recognition
period. Accordingly, the Company is subject to corporate-level taxation on the aggregate net built-in gain from the sale of KRS
assets within 60 months from the Merger date (the recognition period). The maximum taxable amount with respect to all merged
assets disposed within 60 months of the Merger is limited to the aggregate net built-in gain at the Merger date. The Company
compared fair value to tax basis for each property or asset to determine its built-in gain (value over basis) or built—in loss (basis
over value) which could be subject to corporate level taxes if the Company disposed of the asset previously held by KRS during
the 60 months following the Merger date. In the event that sales of KRS assets during the recognition period result in corporate
level tax, the unrecognized tax benefits reported as deferred tax assets from KRS will be utilized to reduce the corporate level tax
for GAAP purposes.
Uncertain Tax Positions
The Company is subject to income tax in certain jurisdictions outside the US, principally Canada and Mexico. The statute of
limitations on assessment of tax varies from three to seven years depending on the jurisdiction and tax issue. Tax returns filed in
each jurisdiction are subject to examination by local tax authorities. The Company is currently under audit by the Canadian
Revenue Agency and Mexican Tax Authority. The resolution of these audits are not expected to have a material effect on the
Company’s financial statements. The Company does not believe that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of
December 31, 2016, will significantly increase or decrease within the next 12 months.
The liability for uncertain tax benefits principally consists of estimated foreign, federal and state income tax liabilities in years for
which the statute of limitations is open. Open years range from 2010 through 2016 and vary by jurisdiction and issue. The
aggregate changes in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 were as follows
(in thousands):
2016 2015
l Balance at January 1, $ 4,263 $ 4,649 I
Increases for tax positions related to current year 41 1,084
[ Increase for tax position due to ASU 2013-11 4,930 - I
Decreases relating to settlements with taxng authorities (2,000) -
[ Reductions due to lapsed statute of limitations (2,272) (1,470) l
Balance at December 31, $ 4,962 $ 4,263
84