KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
Gains and losses on transfers of operating properties result from the sale of a partial interest in properties to unconsolidated joint
ventures and are recognized using the partial sale provisions of the FASB’s real estate sales guidance.
The Company makes estimates of the uncollectable accounts receivables related to base rents, straight-line rent, expense
reimbursements and other revenues. The Company analyzes accounts receivable and historical bad debt levels, customer credit
worthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. In addition,
tenants in bankruptcy are analyzed and estimates are made in connection with the expected recovery of pre-petition and post-
petition claims. The Company’s reported net earnings are directly affected by management’s estimate of the collectability of
accounts receivable.
Accounts and notes receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets are net of estimated unrecoverable amounts of
$12.3 million and $13.9 million of billed accounts receivable at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively. Additionally,
Accounts and notes receivable in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets are net of estimated unrecoverable amounts of
$11.9 million and $17.9 million of straight-line rent receivable at December 31, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
Income Taxes
The Company has made an election to qualify, and believes it is operating so as to qualify, as a REIT for federal income tax
purposes. Accordingly, the Company generally will not be subject to federal income tax, provided that distributions to its
stockholders equal at least the amount of its REIT taxable income as defined under Section 856 through 860 of the Code. Most
states, where the Company holds investments in real estate, conform to the federal rules recognizing REITs.
In connection with the RMA, which became effective January 1, 2001, the Company is permitted to participate in certain
activities which it was previously precluded from in order to maintain its qualification as a REIT, so long as these activities are
conducted by entities which elect to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRSs”) under the Code. Certain subsidiaries of the
Company have made a joint election with the Company to be treated as TRSs. A TRS is subject to federal and state income taxes
on its income, and the Company includes a provision for taxes in its consolidated financial statements. The Company is subject to
and also includes in its tax provision non-US. income taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the US. These
investments are held by the Company at the REIT level and not in the Company’s taxable REIT subsidiaries. Accordingly, the
Company does not expect a US. income tax impact associated with the repatriation of undistributed earnings from the
Company’s foreign subsidiaries.
Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets
and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating loss and tax credit carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. The Company provides a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets for which it does not consider realization of such
assets to be more likely than not.
The Company reviews the need to establish a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. The review
includes an analysis of various factors, such as future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, the capacity for the
carryback or carryforward of any losses, the expected occurrence of future income or loss and available tax planning strategies.
The Company applies the FASB’s guidance relating to uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a Company’s financial
statements. Under this guidance the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The guidance on accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, and
accounting in interim periods.
Foreign Currency Translation and Transactions
Assets and liabilities of the Company’s foreign operations are translated using year-end exchange rates, and revenues and
expenses are translated using exchange rates as determined throughout the year. Gains or losses resulting from translation are
53