Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Kimco Realty Corporation:
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(1) present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of Kimco Realty Corporation and its subsidiaries at December 31, 2016 and 2015, and the results of
their operations and their cash ﬂows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2016 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement
schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein
when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2016, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedules,
for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting, included in Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements, on the financial statement schedules, and on the Company's
internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our
audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.
A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reﬂect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that
could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to ﬁiture periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
New York, New York
February 24, 2017
41