Our joint venture and preferred equity investments generally own real estate properties for which the economic performance and
value is subject to all the risks associated with owning and operating real estate as described above.
We intend to continue to sell our non-strategic assets and may not be able to recover our investments, which may result in
signiﬁcant losses to us.
There can be no assurance that we will be able to recover the current carrying amount of all of our non-strategic properties and
investments and those of our unconsolidated joint ventures in the future. Our failure to do so would require us to recognize impairment
charges for the period in which we reached that conclusion, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition, operating results and cash ﬂows.
We have completed, or have nearly completed, our efforts to exit our investments in Mexico, South America and Canada,
however, we cannot predict the impact of laws and regulations affecting these international operations, including the United
States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions.
Our international operations have included properties in Canada, Mexico, Chile, Brazil and Peru and are subject to a variety of
United States and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and foreign tax
laws and regulations. Although we have completely, or have nearly completed, our efforts to exit our investments in Mexico, South
America and Canada, we cannot assure you that our past or any current international operations will continue to be found to be in
compliance with such laws or regulations. In addition, we cannot predict the manner in which such laws or regulations might be
administered or interpreted, or when, or the potential that we may face regulatory sanctions or tax audits as a result of our international
operations.
We have received a subpoena from the Enforcement Division of the SEC in connection with the SEC’s investigation, In the
Matter of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (PW—3678), that the SEC Staff is currently conducting with respect to possible violations of the
FCPA. We have cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, with the SEC and the US. Department of Justice (“DOJ”), which is
conducting a parallel investigation. At this point, we are unable to predict the duration, scope or result of the SEC or DOJ
investigations. See “Item 3. Legal Proceedings,” below. The DO] and the SEC have a broad range of civil and criminal sanctions
under the FCPA and other laws and regulations, which they may seek to impose against corporations and individuals in appropriate
circumstances including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, disgorgement, fines, penalties and modifications to business practices
and compliance programs. Any of these remedial measures, if applicable to us, could have a material adverse impact on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
We face risks relating to cybersecurity attacks, loss of conﬁdential information and other business disruptions.
Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our
confidential data and other electronic security breaches. Such cyber—attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized
access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. There is no guarantee that the measures we
employ to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats will be successful in preventing a cyber-attack. Cybersecurity incidents could
compromise the confidential information of our tenants, employees and third party vendors and disrupt and effect the efficiency of our
business operations.
We may be unable to obtain ﬁnancing through the debt and equities market, which would have a material adverse effect
on our growth strategy, our results of operations and our ﬁnancial condition.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to access the credit and/or equity markets to obtain additional debt or equity financing
or that we will be able to obtain financing on terms favorable to us. The inability to obtain financing on a timely basis could have
negative effects on our business, such as:
0 we could have great difficulty acquiring or developing properties, which would materially adversely affect our business
strategy;
0 our liquidity could be adversely affected;
0 we may be unable to repay or refinance our indebtedness;
0 we may need to make higher interest and principal payments or sell some of our assets on terms unfavorable to us to fund our
indebtedness; or
0 we may need to issue additional capital stock, which could ﬁarther dilute the ownership of our existing shareholders.
Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on terms favorable to
us, if at all, and could significantly reduce the market price of our publicly traded securities.
10