o occupancy rates and rents at a newly completed property may not meet our expectations and may not be sufficient to make
the property profitable;
0 construction or permanent financing may not be available to us on favorable terms or at all;
0 we may not complete construction and lease-up on schedule due to a variety of factors including construction delays or
contractor changes, resulting in increased expenses and construction costs or tenants or operators with the right to terminate
pre-construction leases; and
0 we may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy and
other required governmental permits and authorizations.
Additionally, new real estate under development activities typically require substantial time and attention from management, and
the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties could require several years to realize any
significant cash return. The foregoing risks could cause the development of properties to hinder the Company’s growth and have an
adverse effect on its results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Construction and development projects are subject to risks that materially increase the costs of completion.
In the event that we decide to develop and construct new properties or redevelop existing properties, we will be subject to risks
and uncertainties associated with construction and development. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks related to obtaining
all necessary zoning, land-use, building occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations, risks related to the
environmental concerns of government entities or community groups, risks related to changes in economic and market conditions
between development commencement and stabilization, risks related to construction labor disruptions, adverse weather, acts of God or
shortages of materials which could cause construction delays and risks related to increases in the cost of labor and materials which
could cause construction costs to be greater than projected and adversely impact the amount of our development fees or our results of
operations or financial condition.
We face competition in pursuing acquisition or development opportunities that could increase our costs.
We face competition in the acquisition, development, operation and sale of real property from others engaged in real estate
investment that could increase our costs associated with purchasing and maintaining assets. Some of these competitors may have
greater financial resources than we do. This could result in competition for the acquisition of properties for tenants who lease or
consider leasing space in our existing and subsequently acquired properties and for other real estate investment opportunities.
We do not have exclusive control over our joint venture and preferred equity investments, such that we are unable to
ensure that our objectives will be pursued.
We have invested in some properties as a co-venturer or partner, instead of owning directly. In these investments, we do not have
exclusive control over the development, financing, leasing, management and other aspects of these investments. As a result, the co-
venturer or partner might have interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours, take action contrary to our interests or otherwise
impede our objectives. These investments involve risks and uncertainties. The co-venturer or partner may fail to provide capital or
fulfill its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitment. Conﬂicts arising between us
and our partners may be difficult to manage and/or resolve and it could be difficult to manage or otherwise monitor the existing
business arrangements. The co-venturer or partner also might become insolvent or bankrupt, which may result in significant losses to
us.
In addition, joint venture arrangements may decrease our ability to manage risk and implicate additional risks, such as:
o potentially inferior financial capacity, diverging business goals and strategies and the need for our venture partner’s
continued cooperation;
0 our inability to take actions with respect to the joint venture activities that we believe are favorable to us if our joint venture
partner does not agree;
0 our inability to control the legal entity that has title to the real estate associated with the joint venture;
0 our lenders may not be easily able to sell our joint venture assets and investments or may view them less favorably as
collateral, which could negatively affect our liquidity and capital resources;
0 our joint venture partners can take actions that we may not be able to anticipate or prevent, which could result in negative
impacts on our debt and equity; and
0 our joint venture partners’ business decisions or other actions or omissions may result in harm to our reputation or adversely
affect the value of our investments.
9