earnings equal to the entire difference between the assets amortized cost and its fair value at the balance sheet date. When an OTTI is
recognized through earnings, a new cost basis is established for the asset and the new cost basis may not be adjusted through earnings
for subsequent recoveries in fair value.
We may be subject to liability under environmental laws, ordinances and regulations.
Under various federal, state, and local laws, ordinances and regulations, we may be considered an owner or operator of real
property and may be responsible for paying for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances released on or in our
property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances (including governmental fines and injuries to
persons and property). This liability may be imposed whether or not we knew about, or were responsible for, the presence of
hazardous or toxic substances.
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
None
Item 2. Properties
Real Estate Portfolio. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had interests in 525 shopping center properties aggregating 85.4
million square feet of GLA located in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. In addition, the Company had 384 other property interests,
primarily through the Company’s preferred equity investments and other real estate investments, totaling 6.3 million square feet of
GLA. The Company’s portfolio includes noncontrolling interests. Open-air shopping centers comprise the primary focus of the
Company's current portfolio. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s Combined Shopping Center Portfolio was 95.4% leased.
The Company's open-air shopping center properties, which are generally owned and operated through subsidiaries or joint
ventures, had an average size of 162,618 square feet as of December 31, 2016. The Company generally retains its shopping centers
for long-term investment and consequently pursues a program of regular physical maintenance together with major renovations and
refurbishing to preserve and increase the value of its properties. This includes renovating existing facades, installing uniform signage,
resurfacing parking lots and enhancing parking lot lighting. During 2016, the Company expended $143.5 million in connection with
these property improvements and expensed to operations $34.3 million.
The Company's management believes its experience in the real estate industry and its relationships with numerous national and
regional tenants gives it an advantage in an industry where ownership is fragmented among a large number of property owners. The
Company's open-air shopping centers are usually "anchored" by a national or regional discount department store, grocery store or
drugstore. As one of the original participants in the growth of the shopping center industry and one of the nation's largest owners and
operators of shopping centers, the Company has established close relationships with a large number of major national and regional
retailers. Some of the major national and regional companies that are tenants in the Company's shopping center properties include
TJX Companies, The Home Depot, Ahold Delhaize, Bed Bath & Beyond, Albertsons, Ross Stores, Petsmart, Kohl’s, Wal-Mart and
Whole Foods.
A substantial portion of the Company's income consists of rent received under long-term leases. Most of the leases provide for
the payment of fixed-base rentals monthly in advance and for the payment by tenants of an allocable share of the real estate taxes,
insurance, utilities and common area maintenance expenses incurred in operating the shopping centers. Although many of the leases
require the Company to make roof and structural repairs as needed, a number of tenant leases place that responsibility on the tenant,
and the Company's standard small store lease provides for roof repairs to be reimbursed by the tenant as part of common area
maintenance.
Minimum base rental revenues and operating expense reimbursements accounted for 98% and other revenues, including
percentage rents, accounted for 2% of the Company's total revenues from rental properties for the year ended December 31, 2016.
The Company's management believes that the base rent per leased square foot for many of the Company's existing leases is generally
lower than the prevailing market-rate base rents in the geographic regions where the Company operates, reﬂecting the potential for
future growth.
Approximately 29.8% of the Company's leases of consolidated properties also contain provisions requiring the payment of
additional rent calculated as a percentage of tenants’ gross sales above predetermined thresholds. Percentage rents accounted for less
than 1% of the Company's revenues from rental properties for the year ended December 31, 2016. Additionally, a majority of the
Company’s leases have provisions requiring contractual rent increases. The Company’s leases may also include escalation clauses,
which provide for increases based upon changes in the consumer price index or similar inﬂation indices.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s consolidated operating portfolio, comprised of 59.2 million square feet of GLA, was
95.2% leased. The consolidated operating portfolio consists entirely of properties located in the US, inclusive of Puerto Rico. For the
12