KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
10. Variable Interest Entities:
Consolidated Operating Properties
Included within the Company’s consolidated operating properties at December 31, 2016, are 21 consolidated entities that are
VIEs, for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These entities have been established to own and operate real estate
property. The Company’s involvement with these entities is through its majority ownership and management of the properties.
The entities were deemed VIEs primarily based on the fact that the unrelated investors do not have substantial kick-out rights to
remove the general or managing partner by a vote of a simple majority or less and they do not have participating rights. The
Company determined that it was the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as a result of its controlling financial interest.
At December 31, 2016, total assets of these VIEs were $902.0 million and total liabilities were $174.2 million. The classification
of these assets are primarily within operating real estate, cash and cash equivalents and accounts and notes receivable and the
classification of these liabilities are primarily within other liabilities and mortgages payable on the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets.
The majority of the operations of these VIEs are funded with cash ﬂows generated from the properties. The Company has not
provided financial support to any of these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide, which consists
primarily of funding any capital expenditures, including tenant improvements, which are deemed necessary to continue to operate
the entity and any operating cash shortfalls that the entity may experience.
Consolidated Real Estate Under Development Projects
Included within the Company’s real estate under development projects at December 31, 2016, are two consolidated entities that
are VIEs, for which the Company is the primary beneficiary. These entities have been established to develop real estate properties
to hold as long-term investments. The Company’s involvement with these entities is through its majority ownership and
management of the properties. These entities were deemed VIEs primarily based on the fact that the equity investments at risk are
not sufficient to permit the entities to finance their activities without additional financial support. The initial equity contributed to
these entities was not sufficient to ﬁJlly finance the real estate construction as development costs are funded by the partners
throughout the construction period. The Company determined that it was the primary beneficiary of these VIEs as a result of its
controlling financial interest.
At December 31, 2016, total assets of these real estate under development VIEs were $183.1 million and total liabilities were $2.3
million. The classification of these assets is primarily within Real estate under development in the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheets and the classification of these liabilities are primarily within Accounts payable and accrued expenses on the
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheets.
Substantially all of the projected development costs to be funded for these development projects, aggregating $68.7 million, will
be funded with capital contributions from the Company, when contractually obligated. The Company has not provided financial
support to these VIEs that it was not previously contractually required to provide.
Unconsolidated Redevelopment Investment
Included in the Company’s joint venture investments at December 31, 2016, is an unconsolidated joint venture, which is a VIE for
which the Company is not the primary beneficiary. This joint venture was primarily established to develop real estate property for
long-term investment and was deemed a VIE primarily based on the fact that the equity investment at risk was not sufficient to
permit the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support. The initial equity contributed to this entity was not
sufficient to fully finance the real estate construction as development costs are funded by the partners throughout the construction
period. The Company determined that it was not the primary beneficiary of this VIE based on the fact that the Company has
shared control of this entity along with the entity’s partners and therefore does not have a controlling financial interest.
As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s investment in this VIE was a negative $7.4 million, due to the fact that the Company
had a remaining capital commitment obligation, which is included in Other liabilities on the Company’s Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss as a result of its involvement with this VIE is estimated to be $7.4 million,
68