KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
available for occupancy and placed into service. This usually occurs upon substantial completion of all costs necessary to bring
the property to the condition needed for its intended use, but no later than one year from the completion of major construction
activity. However, the Company may continue to capitalize costs even though a project is substantially completed if construction
is still ongoing at the site. If, in management’s opinion, the current and projected undiscounted cash ﬂows of these assets to be
held as long-term investments is less than the net carrying value plus estimated costs to complete the development, the carrying
value would be adjusted to an amount that reﬂects the estimated fair value of the property.
Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures
The Company accounts for its investments in unconsolidated joint ventures under the equity method of accounting as the
Company exercises significant inﬂuence, but does not control these entities. These investments are recorded initially at cost and
subsequently adjusted for cash contributions, distributions and our share of earnings and losses. Earnings or losses for each
investment are recognized in accordance with each respective investment agreement and where applicable, based upon an
allocation of the investment’s net assets at book value as if the investment was hypothetically liquidated at the end of each
reporting period.
The Company’s joint ventures and other real estate investments primarily consist of co-investments with institutional and other
joint venture partners in open-air shopping center properties, consistent with its core business. These joint ventures typically
obtain non-recourse third-party financing on their property investments, thus contractually limiting the Company’s exposure to
losses primarily to the amount of its equity investment; and due to the lender’s exposure to losses, a lender typically will require a
minimum level of equity in order to mitigate its risk. The Company, on a limited selective basis, has obtained unsecured
financing for certain joint ventures. These unsecured financings may be guaranteed by the Company with guarantees from the
joint venture partners for their proportionate amounts of any guaranty payment the Company is obligated to make. As of
December 31, 2016, the Company did not guaranty any unsecured joint venture debt.
To recognize the character of distributions from equity investees within its consolidated statements of cash ﬂows, all distributions
received are presumed to be returns on investment and classified as cash inﬂows from operating activities unless the Company’s
cumulative distributions received less distributions received in prior periods that were determined to be returns of investment
exceed its cumulative equity in earnings recognized by the investor (as adjusted for amortization of basis differences). When such
an excess occurs, the current-period distribution up to this excess is considered a return of investment and classified as cash
inﬂows from investing.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including the underlying investment property
operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the Company’s investments in unconsolidated joint
ventures may be impaired. An investment’s value is impaired only if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment is
less than the carrying value of the investment and such difference is deemed to be other—than—temporary. To the extent
impairment has occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair
value of the investment.
The Company’s estimated fair values are based upon a discounted cash ﬂow model for each joint venture that includes all
estimated cash inﬂows and outﬂows over a specified holding period. Capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads
utilized in these models are based upon rates that the Company believes to be within a reasonable range of current market rates.
Other Real Estate Investments
Other real estate investments primarily consist of preferred equity investments for which the Company provides capital to owners
and developers of real estate. The Company typically accounts for its preferred equity investments on the equity method of
accounting, whereby earnings for each investment are recognized in accordance with each respective investment agreement and
based upon an allocation of the investment’s net assets at book value as if the investment was hypothetically liquidated at the end
of each reporting period.
On a continuous basis, management assesses whether there are any indicators, including the underlying investment property
operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the Company’s Other real estate investments may be
impaired. An investment’s value is impaired only if management’s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than the
carrying value of the investment and such difference is deemed to be other-than-temporary. To the extent impairment has
occurred, the loss shall be measured as the excess of the carrying amount of the investment over the estimated fair value of the
investment.
50