KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
Stock Compensation
The Company maintains two equity participation plans, the Second Amended and Restated 1998 Equity Participation Plan (the
“Prior Plan”) and the 2010 Equity Participation Plan (the “2010 Plan”) (collectively, the “Plans”). The Prior Plan provides for a
maximum of 47,000,000 shares of the Company’s common stock to be issued for qualified and non-qualified stock options and
restricted stock grants. Effective May 1, 2012, the 2010 Plan provides for a maximum of 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s
common stock to be issued for qualified and non-qualified stock options and other awards, plus the number of shares of common
stock which are or become available for issuance under the Prior Plan and which are not thereafter issued under the Prior Plan,
subject to certain conditions. Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors at its sole discretion, stock options granted
under the Plans generally vest ratably over a range of three to five years, expire ten years from the date of grant and are exercisable
at the market price on the date of grant. Restricted stock grants generally vest (i) 100% on the fourth or fifth anniversary of the
grant, (ii) ratably over three, four and five years or (iii) over ten years at 20% per year commencing after the fifth year.
Performance share awards, which vest over a period of one to three years, may provide a right to receive shares of the Company’s
common stock or restricted stock based on the Company’s performance relative to its peers, as defined, or based on other
performance criteria as determined by the Board of Directors. In addition, the Plans provide for the granting of certain stock
options and restricted stock to each of the Company’s non-employee directors (the “Independent Directors”) and permit such
Independent Directors to elect to receive deferred stock awards in lieu of directors’ fees.
The Company accounts for equity awards in accordance with the FASB’s Stock Compensation guidance which requires that all
share based payments to employees, be recognized in the Statement of Income over the service period based on their fair values.
Fair value is determined, depending on the type of award, using either the Black-Scholes option pricing formula or the Monte
Carlo method, both of which are intended to estimate the fair value of the awards at the grant date (see Footnote 21 of the Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional disclosure on the assumptions and methodology).
New Accounting Pronouncements
In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017—01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business
(“ASU 2017—01”). The update clarifies the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The definition of a
business affects many areas of accounting including acquisitions, disposals, goodwill, and consolidation. The standard is
effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those fiscal years,
with early application of the guidance permitted. The Company has elected to early adopt ASU 2017—01 at the beginning of its
fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, including its interim periods within the year, and appropriately apply the guidance to its
prospective asset acquisitions of operating properties. Under this amendment, the Company’s prospective operating property
acquisitions will qualify for asset acquisition treatment under ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, rather than business
combination treatment under ASC 805 Business Combinations, and will result in capitalization of asset acquisition costs instead
of directly expensing these costs.
In August 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts
and Cash Payments, a consensus of the FASB’s Emerging Issues Task Force (“ASU 2016-15”). The new guidance addresses
eight specific cash ﬂow issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice. One identified cash ﬂow issue
relates to distributions received from equity method investees whereby the reporting entity should make an accounting policy
election to classify distributions received from equity method investees using either the cumulative earnings approach or the
nature of the distribution approach. Another issue relates to the classification of cash payments for debt prepayment or debt
extinguishment costs. The standard is retrospectively effective for public companies on January 1, 2018, with early adoption
permitted. The Company elected to early adopt ASU 2016-15 beginning in its quarter ended September 30, 2016. In connection
with the adoption of ASU 2016-15, the Company made a policy election to classify distributions received from equity method
investees using the cumulative earnings approach. This election did not have a material impact on the presentation in the
Company’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Company incurred early
extinguishment of debt charges and in accordance with the adoption of ASU 2016-15 has included these charges in cash ﬂows
used for financing activities on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The adoption of the remaining cash ﬂow
issues addressed in ASU 2016-15 did not have a material impact on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.
In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments (“ASU 2016-13”). The new guidance introduces a new model for estimating credit losses for certain
types of financial instruments, including loans receivable, held-to-maturity debt securities, and net investments in direct financing
56