Our performance depends on our ability to collect rent from tenants, including anchor tenants, our tenants’ ﬁnancial
condition and our tenants maintaining leases for our properties.
At any time, our tenants may experience a downturn in their business that may significantly weaken their financial condition. As a
result, our tenants may delay a number of lease commencements, decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration, fail to make rental
payments when due, close stores or declare bankruptcy. Any of these actions could result in the termination of tenants’ leases and the
loss of rental income attributable to these tenants’ leases. In the event of a default by a tenant, we may experience delays and costs in
enforcing our rights as landlord under the terms of the leases.
In addition, multiple lease terminations by tenants, including anchor tenants, or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their
premises in a shopping center could result in lease terminations or significant reductions in rent by other tenants in the same shopping
centers under the terms of some leases. In that event, we may be unable to re-lease the vacated space at attractive rents or at all, and
our rental payments from our continuing tenants could significantly decrease. The occurrence of any of the situations described
above, particularly if it involves a substantial tenant with leases in multiple locations, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
A tenant that files for bankruptcy protection may not continue to pay us rent. A bankruptcy filing by, or relating to, one of our
tenants or a lease guarantor would bar all efforts by us to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from the tenant or the lease guarantor, or their
property, unless the bankruptcy court permits us to do so. A tenant bankruptcy could delay our efforts to collect past due balances
under the relevant leases and could ultimately preclude collection of these sums. If a lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we
would have only a general unsecured claim for damages. As a result, it is likely that we would recover substantially less than the full
value of any unsecured claims we hold, if at all.
We may be unable to sell our real estate property investments when appropriate or on terms favorable to us.
Real estate property investments are illiquid and generally cannot be disposed of quickly. In addition, the Code restricts a REIT’s
ability to dispose of properties that are not applicable to other types of real estate companies. Therefore, we may not be able to vary
our portfolio in response to economic or other conditions promptly or on terms favorable to us within a timeframe that we would need.
We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and this may create risks.
We may acquire or develop properties or acquire other real estate related companies when we believe that an acquisition or
development is consistent with our business strategies. We may not succeed in consummating desired acquisitions or in completing
developments on time or within budget. When we do pursue a project or acquisition, we may not succeed in leasing newly developed
or acquired properties at rents sufficient to cover the costs of acquisition or development and operations. Difficulties in integrating
acquisitions may prove costly or time-consuming and could divert management’s attention from other activities. Acquisitions or
developments in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in poorer than
anticipated performance. We may also abandon acquisition or development opportunities that management has begun pursuing and
consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and will have devoted management’s time to a matter not consummated.
Furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some
of which we may not be aware of at the time of the acquisition. In addition, development of our existing properties presents similar
risks.
Newly acquired or re-developed properties may have characteristics or deficiencies currently unknown to us that affect their value
or revenue potential. It is also possible that the operating performance of these properties may decline under our management. As we
acquire additional properties, we will be subject to risks associated with managing new properties, including lease-up and tenant
retention. In addition, our ability to manage our growth effectively will require us to successfully integrate our new acquisitions into
our existing management structure. We may not succeed with this integration or effectively manage additional properties, particularly
in secondary markets. Also, newly acquired properties may not perform as expected.
Unsuccessful real estate under development activities or a slowdown in real estate under development activities could have
a direct impact on our growth, results of operations and cash ﬂows.
Real estate under development is a component of our operating and investment strategy. We intend to continue pursuing select
real estate under development opportunities for long-term investment and construction of retail and/or mixed use properties as
opportunities arise. We expect to phase in construction until sufficient preleasing is reached. Our real estate under development and
construction activities include the following risks:
0 we may abandon real estate under development opportunities after expending resources and could lose all or part of our
investment in such opportunities, including loss of deposits or failure to recover expenses already incurred;
0 development, construction or operating costs, including increased interest rates and higher materials, transportation, labor,
leasing or other costs, may exceed our original estimates;
8