KIMCO REALTY CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, continued
The Company’s Preferred Stock Depositary Shares for all series are not convertible or exchangeable for any other property or
securities of the Company.
Voting Rights - The Class I Preferred Stock, Class J Preferred Stock and Class K Preferred Stock rank pari passu as to voting
rights, priority for receiving dividends and liquidation preference as set forth below.
As to any matter on which the Class I, J, or K Preferred Stock may vote, including any actions by written consent, each share of
the Class I, J or K Preferred Stock shall be entitled to 1,000 votes, each of which 1,000 votes may be directed separately by the
holder thereof. With respect to each share of Class I, J or K Preferred Stock, the holder thereof may designate up to 1,000 proxies,
with each such proxy having the right to vote a whole number of votes (totaling 1,000 votes per share of Class I, J or K Preferred
Stock). As a result, each Class I, J or K Depositary Share is entitled to one vote.
Liquidation Rights
In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, preferred stock holders are entitled to be
paid, out of the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to its stockholders, a liquidation preference of $25,000.00
Class I Preferred Stock per share, $25,000.00 Class J Preferred Stock per share and $25,000.00 Class K Preferred Stock per share
($25.00 per each Class I, Class J and Class K Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends to the
date of payment, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of the Company’s common stock or any other capital stock
that ranks junior to the preferred stock as to liquidation rights.
Common Stock
During February 2015, the Company established an at the market continuous offering program (the “ATM program”), pursuant to
which the Company may offer and sell shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share, with an aggregate gross sales price
of up to $500.0 million through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents. Sales of the shares of common stock may be made,
as needed, from time to time in “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act of 1933, including by means
of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) or otherwise (i) at market prices prevailing at
the time of sale, (ii) at prices related to prevailing market prices or (iii) as otherwise agreed to with the applicable sales agent.
During the year ended December 31, 2016, the Company issued 9,806,377 shares and received proceeds of $285.2 million, net of
commissions and fees of $2.9 million. As of December 31, 2016 the Company had $211.9 million available under this ATM
program.
The Company, from time to time, repurchases shares of its common stock in amounts that offset new issuances of common shares
in connection with the exercise of stock options or the issuance of restricted stock awards. These share repurchases may occur in
open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise subject to prevailing market conditions, the Company’s
liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. During 2016, 2015 and 2014, the Company repurchased 257,477
shares, 179,696 shares and 128,147 shares, respectively, in connection with common shares surrendered to the Company to
satisfy statutory minimum tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of restricted stock awards under the
Company’s equity-based compensation plans.
Convertible Units
The Company has various types of convertible units that were issued in connection with the purchase of operating properties (see
Footnote 15 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). The amount of consideration that would be paid to unaffiliated
holders of units issued from the Company’s consolidated subsidiaries which are not mandatorily redeemable, as if the termination
of these consolidated subsidiaries occurred on December 31, 2016, is $24.1 million. The Company has the option to settle such
redemption in cash or shares of the Company’s common stock. If the Company exercised its right to settle in Common Stock, the
unit holders would receive 0.9 million shares of Common Stock.
76