FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This annual report on Form 10-K (“Form 10-K”), together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by Kimco
Realty Corporation (the “Company”) contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company intends such forward—
looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and includes this statement for purposes of complying with the safe harbor provisions. Forward-
looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe the Company’s future plans, strategies and expectations, are
generally identifiable by use of the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “will,” “target,” “forecast”
or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors which are, in some cases, beyond the Company’s control and could materially affect actual results, performances or
achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to (i)
general adverse economic and local real estate conditions, (ii) the inability of major tenants to continue paying their rent obligations
due to bankruptcy, insolvency or a general downturn in their business, (iii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt
or other sources of financing or refinancing on favorable terms to the Company, (iv) the Company’s ability to raise capital by selling
its assets, (v) changes in governmental laws and regulations, (vi) the level and volatility of interest rates and foreign currency
exchange rates and managements’ ability to estimate the impact thereof, (vii) risks related to the Company’s international operations,
(viii) the availability of suitable acquisition, disposition, development and redevelopment opportunities, and risks related to
acquisitions not performing in accordance with our expectations, (ix) valuation and risks related to the Company’s joint venture and
preferred equity investments, (x) valuation of marketable securities and other investments, (xi) increases in operating costs, (xii)
changes in the dividend policy for the Company’s common stock, (xiii) the reduction in the Company’s income in the event of
multiple lease terminations by tenants or a failure by multiple tenants to occupy their premises in a shopping center, (xiv) impairment
charges, (xv) unanticipated changes in the Company’s intention or ability to prepay certain debt prior to maturity and/or hold certain
securities until maturity and (xvi) the risks and uncertainties identified under Item 1A, “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in this Form 10-
K and in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Accordingly, there is no assurance that
the Company’s expectations will be realized. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update the forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You are advised to refer to any further disclosures the
Company makes or related subjects in the Company’s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K that the
Company files with the SEC.
PART I
Item 1. Business
Background
Kimco Realty Corporation, a Maryland corporation, is one of the nation's largest owners and operators of open-air shopping
centers. The terms "Kimco," the "Company," "we," "our" and "us" each refer to Kimco Realty Corporation and our subsidiaries,
unless the context indicates otherwise. The Company is a self-administered real estate investment trust ("REIT") and has owned and
operated open-air shopping centers for more than 50 years. The Company has not engaged, nor does it expect to retain, any REIT
advisors in connection with the operation of its properties. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had interests in 525 shopping
center properties (the “Combined Shopping Center Portfolio”), aggregating 85.4 million square feet of gross leasable area (“GLA”),
located in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. In addition, the Company had 384 other property interests, primarily through the
Company’s preferred equity investments and other real estate investments, totaling 6.3 million square feet of GLA. The Company’s
ownership interests in real estate consist of its consolidated portfolio and portfolios where the Company owns an economic interest,
such as properties in the Company’s investment real estate management programs, where the Company partners with institutional
investors and also retains management.
The Company's executive offices are located at 3333 New Hyde Park Road, New Hyde Park, New York 11042-0020 and its
telephone number is (516) 869—9000. Nearly all operating functions, including leasing, legal, construction, data processing,
maintenance, finance and accounting are administered by the Company from its executive offices in New Hyde Park, New York and
supported by the Company’s regional offices. As of December 31, 2016, a total of 551 persons were employed by the Company.
The Company’s Web site is located at h:t{p.'//www.kimcorealty. com. The information contained on our Web site does not
constitute part of this Form 10-K. On the Company’s Web site you can obtain, free of charge, a copy of this Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable, after we file such material electronically with, or
furnish it to, the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC—0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other
information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at h:tlp://www.sec.gﬂ.
3